what do you guys wanna be when ur older
he do be vibin
holy fuck this was awesome
commando goes hard ngl
i saw the rest of the snake comic
the streets will run red with joker costumes tomorrow
fuck it. doug in a shirt
thoughts on guilty gear?
finally i've obtained it
face off? i wonder who will win
queens park be vibing in the ritz car
if you stole a bike from the second floor of the life sciences building at uoft i will find you and mercy will not be spared
i already bought him
you know what i'm gonna say it. i don't care about genos
sorry for this
zoom in to see a clown
yeah you tell em
canadians on canada be like:
me after finishing physics class and realizing i am no longer bound my newton's laws
smh and were the bad guys
always on that grind
when the raptors fucking win
honestly drain gang
me thinking bout them grilled cheez
baskin robing good
aye aye aye aye
basically my whole account
endgame copied shrek
me when i'm pog
better luck next time fox boy
truly an inspirational film
does anyone have that one pic, it's kinda hard to explain. it's like a drawing of guy in a manga like style with a poggers face but it's like a shocked reaction. there's also one with a cat, god i can't find it anywhere
is this canon?
this really upset me
i know memes are usually enhanced at night but this one really hit me
felt kinda quirky in this  might delete later idk
i was looking for this for too long
what's this pok'mon's name again?
swipe at your own risk
disabling comments just in case
me after finishing end game
we missed it
the holy trinity
brings me back
if you tryna get beat up sure go ahead
me when my entire feed is ads from i have no memes or mecca
shazam is a good movie
damn this goes hard
this is very powerful
it really be like that
this is perfect
ok this ones a little more acceptable but still
get well squidward
imagine saying maths instead of math
xbone players really be out here kissing dudes
is anyone having trouble downloading the free ps plus games?
peter in smash peter in smash
sunny side sundays fellas  rise and shine
kfc is better anyways
as a writers craft culminating approaches me, i sit and question what humour is. whether or not i lack the skills to craft something of value in the eyes of comedy. where did you come from, where did you go, where did you come from comedy eye joe
if an ostrich had a best friend what animal would it be?
another grand meme by yours truly
goodnight post , how was your guys' day
what do you guys wanna be when ur older
new twitter trend i guess
had a bizarre adventure in the nether
trolled epic style
this needed to be said. happy halloween!
still best game
i predicted minecraft monday over a year ago so you could say i'm a prophet
bet u wont
this was in my september rewind but i've seen it being reposted everywhere so here it is on its own and without music enjoy
congrats to spongebob for winning best september meme  ight imma head out now
we live in a society
the official white house youtube channel uploaded a nickelback meme and it got copyright blocked by wmg is this real life
oh frick google discovered my secret
guys i finally found out who joe really is
august  review
new meme template? it's minecraft so it's funny
they added bees in the latest minecraft snapshot so we can finally re enact the bee movie in minecraft
the battle of the memes
so we back in the mine
i predicted the future
he's right you know
i called it
and no i don't like my own vids it's not my screenshot
would this be too powerful for us mere mortals? should we take any precautions?
i got the commands in the back
breathtaking art by chris metzner
i'm sorry i can't help it next time use an ender chest
the truest meme i've ever encountered
society only keeps functioning properly everyday thanks to these legends
hideo still a legend doe
just being honest
angry villager noises
poland gave us the witcher and now this. poland best country
just proving a point
bros do not post cringe or you'll lose subscriber
endgame opening scene leaked
happy earth day everyone
just a totally normal minecraft lets play video
i got the diamonds in the chest
humanity has unlocked a huge advancement
dr. keem or dj phil?
harry potter was actually a gamer
elon musk just retweeted my tweet and i just wanted to flex on you peasants who have never had elon musk retweet one of your tweets
it actually happened omg im crying and shaking rn
"it's rewind time"
the sad truth
just telling it how it is
omg i can't believe notch added airpods to minecraft
notch i can't believe you would do this crying and shaking rn
really makes you think is this how twitter works
it really do be like that
i got this idea a month too late
this is accurate
happy new year
it's finally time
it really do be like that sometimes
it actually got on trending in gaming  truly an epic gamer moment
forever number one
everyone be suing fortnite nowadays. not epic.
it's balance time
lol here's mine
that's it my life can only go downhill from here, nothing can top this
some mad lad voted for me for court judge of otsego county in new york
replying to pyrocynical in the most original way
you know i had to do this
next level meme
so true what do you think?
can i have one bite please!
tag them so true
this is amazing!
make it work
what's your favorite emoji?
so true facts
good one that face you make when you know someone's lying have you?
it be like that thoughts?
it be like that the stress is real so true thoughts?
it be like that hope this makes your day!
so true it be like that it be like that tag them!
it be like that tag that person
let's hear it
legendary best thing i've seen today
tag them it be like that
tag a meal
it be like that tag someone and say nothing tag them
it be like that thoughts?
do you ever use this formula?
it be like that
facts that easy tag them too accurate
i felt that
it be like that facts!
let's hear it!
name that show
it be like that
tag someone to remind them!
tag someone and say nothing it be like that tag someone and say nothing
do you get it?
so true so doing this to my friends haha!
tag a harry potter fan!
which one are you?
tag them comment down below
king of procrastination
it be like that
this is gold!
let's hear it
the worst tag who you'd go with!
it be like that
what a cool dad!
so true haha!
what would you call this?
it be like that!
it be like that
so true want one
never forget mood
is that too much to ask for?
i would do it for free tag them
tag them he's a mood!
i can feel this picture
it be like that! what's your favorite horror movie?
we all know them!
have you ever done this before?
i feel good now!
tag your day ones!
have you ever?
it be like that
it be like that
tag them yes or no?
it be like that
tag someone and say nothing
yes or no?
there you go
it be like that
tag them which one would you choose?
make your fortnite memes on our app!
it be like that
what do you read?
for real do you remember? tag them
tag a snack
is he wrong tho?
it be like that
i still do this tag your bestie there's always a tomorrow
same true or no?
anyone else? it be like that tag them
is that too much to ask for?
good old days
was worth it!
it be like that true or no?
tag someone you love
my life lol
it be like that
so true facts
look at that cute face!
no feelings hurt
who would you live here with?
i don't remember who sent me this
this episode bruh
i remember there was a mod for this game on pc and u could play online that shit was fun as fuck
south sudan wanna be the most inflated so bad
water ice salt aye
whats up with his production recently
oh. there he is.
a shadow ban cant stop me
damn its halloween?
my engagement recently
for real doe
u get a free google home mini if u have spotify premium btw
hows everyone doing this week
this fool bathed in that shit
this has happened to me
me tomorrow morning
listen to slop
imma start fucking like this
damn bruh i wish i could be playin some star fox rn
the vibes rn bro.
no good memes
imagine being the marketing team thinking this would slap on tv
what is thaf
no toast extra coleslaw please
imagine being a stupid fucking stingray
this is factual
nice he really did the stanky leg
who the fuck is this
he was drifting doe
nice save doe
the only time its not theo
wow post deleted
exquisite soft drink
imagine waking up on time hahahaha
ok what do i do with my hair im tired of it
today was wack
damn bruh what the fuck
yea so ampme was like 'hi bro! you didn't reference the caption i gave you. please do not repeat this.' hahahahah
what a sweet tornado
how to increase engagement. question mark. ? .
jeez that post was a fucking mess i can't believe how thick some of my own people are
no cheese no onion
okay lol goodnight now hope everyones doing okay
what the fuck
this meme is ok i wish bo burnham still did comedy
i could use a good kino sesh rn
im fucking hungry
what the fuck
i finally decided to buy rainbow six siege and i cant believe i slept on this game for so long
ive been at the beach for so fucking long get me out
this made it hard to breathe
when tha casket dropexplain
is this fool slick or what
big ol' acid vibes
i remember all ur favorite food from denny's
this unlocked parts of my brain
no dudesidk where luke went
this is cursed
thank you for helping me reach my goal of instagram fame.
ok we did it good job guys lets bake a cake
'whys it fit so good .
leaving the bag open so u get moldy bread gang
hard bruh moment
how much longer can i go
crab got deleted.
ireallywish this app was better
still my favorite video
i have sand everywhere
what the fukc
when joaquin phoenix said, "why so serious?"
okay i love this video too much. had to post it on the feed
good morning. we are being brainwashed
just wanna vibe smdh
had to do it to em
i just wanna talk
it is time to pick it up
just some wholesome sunday night content
literally just vibing
i did this
low effort content incoming!
this is the final post of my triptych
i will like this image bc i have totally done this before
please take it. i don't want this meme
gtfo the way
you crazy son of a bitch, you did it.
drop a  in the comments
imma head out
my neck is fucked y'all pray for me
pls make it stop
y'all know what to do
here's a meme
what's it gonna be?
i love cbd that shit gets you high af
heard you been talkin shit
give me your memes and nobody gets hurt
get in the pit
bonus points if you can name what this character is from
what is an autechre?
i've been sick all day i don't even know what's goin on anymore
imma find you
that wasn't a microdose
meme admins be like
sorry y'all i'm tryna remember how to do this meme thing
what y'all think?
this is probably my favorite thing i've made on this account.
where is it?
good morning. say it back
good evening fellow mindfreaks
hold my prosecco
would you roll this up and smoke it? be honest
here's a meme that should definitely not exist
yo give me a fucking contact mic and piece of sheet metal rn
so brave. a true patriot.
pretty sure that means it's fake
if you're reading this i cannot see the post you sent me bc the account is private
this was buried deep in my camera roll
sorry for the flex
it really do be like this
this lousy boaner
that's an l i would take
i need a vacation
i feel wonderful
i'm back on my bullshit
just poppin in to post this before this meme dies
here's one from the archives
except breakfast sandwiches
ok now this is fuckin metal
like this image to shit yourself immediately
i honestly can't tell
here's a couple of midsommar memes for ya. cannot express how much i love this movie
drop out of life
ok now smash that uhh fuckin uhh screen now? i guess
let's get this fuckin party started
i really need to go to sleep. someone sing me a god damn lullaby.
we really be out here living and shit. damb.
late night shit
a blaze in my fucking bedroom
i was really high when i made this. enjoy
it's friday night y'all and i am not leaving my house
i did this last night.
i honestly don't know what is happening rn
wtf i'm drunk
happy friday y'all be safe out there tonight
what the actual fuck
i am drunk and listening to extreme noise terror. wyd?
check it again we're with the band
like this image to get high immediately
i feel so edgy lol
ngl this would be tight lmao
thank you shopkeep i am extremely drunk rn
couldn't even imagine not meeting the broskis.
aw shit, here we go again.
where are phons, sir? i am addicted to phon.
damn this is me
do the drug
my life is a joke
felt cute might delete later
can someone explain this meme to me? i made it but i don't get it.
looks like we're about to find out motherfuckers
rare late night pv post
no one else is coming to your show please play your bad music now
just found a hat
that's gonna be a no from me
you merely adopted the cringe. i was born in it, molded by it.
i'm dippin' i need to leave this place now
yes, yes and also yes
millions of bad bands
sorry i asked
this is a true thing that happens
you'll cowards don't even chief gas
i love this feeling
trying to reach new heights tonight
just a wholesome magic meme
yep. give me that. now.
i don't miss going to noise shows
fuc k it
report this you fucking nerds
have you ever gone full sicko mode?
does anyone know?
omg this is too cute
ok dam n. i'm rn high on pot.
habpy valentine's day
that's it. that's the whole meme.
digging into the archives
hello fellow police officers
i will, single handedly, legalize salvia through this page.
i'm trying to take a break from this app. i really am.
this is funny bc i haveno friends.
i love livin' in the city
you can do so much in this game it's crazy
tell me i'm wrong
ok this is meme
hey what's the password for the wifi here?
i'm addicted to ohone
i just said a bad word
i'm kind of ashamed at how much time i spent on this.
rare late night post about your shitty art
absolutely epic insult
im thmking about the cheesos
wow. so true
how do they make so many awful noises?
for my bennington bbs.
obligatory spooky season post
you know, i'm something of a scientist myself
lol what a fucking sellout
your child is literally terrorizing this coffee shop rn
i can sell shit to millennials that millennials cant afford. hire me.
swipe for the full story
lol i should probably drink some water
we've all been here before
must be that i'm now existing on a different timeline than you my guy
being sober is awesome
live by the code, die by the code.
smash that motherbison like bison
i'm gonna need you to venmo me all of your money like now
i like to somke the stinky icky
this meme is officially over.
this one's for the real heads
some inspiration to get you through the week
can this get a million likes lol
real harsh noise hours
good luck with that. i'm out.
that'd be  thanks my guy
happy thanksgiving everyone
can you really call yourself a noise musician if you haven't played an entire five minute set on a piece of sheet metal?
please rid me of the awful shit i see on a daily basis
i want to feel like sean penn looks in this photo
maybe i'm wrong but i think this would be a pretty dope flick
can we just fast forward to fall pls?
why am i up so early?
are you there god? it's me, logan
add more text and repost this until it's just a wall of black and red
animorphs middle transformations
please tell me
me when i walk the wrong way
don't trust the birds
what's your favorite activity in the outsides?
don't ever do not look at me don't
it is a big hole
i didn't want to do this but i had to
your vibes are his now
you ever just feel like frog?
i will literally keep myself hydrated all day don't test me bro
horpsey givin me some weird vibes ngl
ight imma head out
time to feed!
i am also interested in sit in mud and big hop
he pancake now, get used to it
nothing like a nice spoonful of dread to start the day
this image brings me inspiration
idk boss, doesn't look too safe to me
hand it over and i won't break all your carbon double bonds
rolie polie olie grandpa fever dream package
fish in tube, call amberlamps
ever happen to you?
cursed stock images
billboards: a collection
first it's power tools, then next thing you know they're building a bass pro shop
face reveal. am racon.
i'll never be good at any of those jobs
what does this image make you feel?
grandma you good?
reposting in hopes that i see this boy
cat got trapped in the particle accelerator again, i was able to snag this pic of him zooming past me
when you accidentally transcend through space and time and encounter geometric beings that speak in a language you've never heard before but you can understand perfectly lolz
spheres get out of heres
please no more sir
i'll bet he likes to have them every now and then. i mean he probably doesn't seek them out, but if they're there i'm sure he'd munch on them.
why is he there now
who upset this water pup?
this is good game
not gonna lie, i'm loving this meme
kyle hears the battle cry and emerges from his hole in the drywall
all i hear is cream corn
where my andy milonakis fans at?
time to eat them dog eggs
spidereggs for breakfast is a dream not a nightmare
i'd love to find a secret fishing spot like that
these sonic improvements might save the movie
wow that makes a lot of sense
no matter who you choose, the manager doesn't stand a chance.
this is what it means to be human. we have some real big responsibilities as you can see.
thank you calcium
this is the apex of human evolution
it ended up turning out okay, but i was worried at first
it's the milk man!
hillary help me
he boutta go sicko toad
wish i could groove like that
it is a man leg
shoutout to all the pear
i am a citrus duck
yeah i'm boutta slunk outta here
he is a horse of course
croonch croonch on them flaeks
you must pay the toll in beans
lemme sipp that
give me some of dat burple sauce
tag someone that looks like this
it's is dave day
of course i would
some things never change
no wait! i have so many questions
i remember being forced to eat my granules as a kid, now i love em!
my brain vs what's actually going on outside
gimme that gemerald
hide your gooey innards with a hard exterior
yeah let's get rid of those stinky plants
i actually would like to visit chernobyl
oh shit he movin
you fool, now he has the power of a house and the sun!
would you even know what to do?
hey, spirit man gotta relax sometimes too
banish those babies
they're coming for your layers
looks about right to me
hi meat, nice to meet you
all of instagram right now
i don't know what to post anymore
c'mon man he's got his dang kids
get boned dummy
to escape you just gotta glitch through the wall in the living room by doing a backwards jump perfectly into the corner
please if you know a good doctor i would like answers
classic darf, never ready for a picture
this is definitely a tough choice
nobody wants to be that guy, but hey it happens
with the last chaos emerald in hand, sonic was finally able to open the portal to hell
comment reasons why these guys are in hell
the look of sheer terror on his face when ramsey finds out he's got those dank nugs is priceless
these are my top vacation spots
my brain when glue
this is the only proper formula. all others are false
i've been thinking about this picture all day
lmao all the time
if he completes brewing it will be our undoing
the hoppy tongue bois have have located us, we must escape
math is both red and blue
english is purple
my aunt lives in alaska, i wanna go one day
if you're not moaning in your girl's ear like this fish wyd
apparently this was during the actual filming? lmao
sorry for not posting much today or this weekend, been busy
i'm not crying you are
wtf is that
best caption wins
it's the thirst thirstiest time of the year
one of the best movies ever
something i made last night that people are posting for some reason epic
read the post
wtf how did he do that
every time i take my migraine prescriptions i get this taste in my mouth lmao
sprite or coke
joe taro kuho
i want to scream. i just want to scream.
this made me feel a lot better
i am seeing joker saturday
i feel attacked
how is he doing that
rusty bike chains
ice cream sandwich twitter
repost from old page
say sike rn
gum but replace the g with a c
this is weirdly wholesome
i been busy
real life applications of "say sike rn" are fucking amazing
say sike rn
gum but replace the g with a c
this is weirdly wholesome
say sike rn
gum but replace the g with a c
this is weirdly wholesome
i been busy
real life applications of "say sike rn" are fucking amazing
tootsie pop pop
i miss wokebans
aye man listen
i need a cart
not the yaddas
definitely got beat after this
learned from the best
had to put the jets on em'
say sike rn
it's my first day out here dawg
i almost shitted
how the fuck
i'm honored meanwhile in the clearance section of k mart
"beat until you bleed that's how you know you're alive"   martha stewart
can i get a "fuck panera"
blood on me
still in the top ten of my favorite tweets
an absolute gem
spending nights hitchhiking, where will i go
i feel attacked
prep school vibes
taking a walk
time to clock in againgood night
aight ima head out
it's almost kyle level activities but no one here has a mullet
y'all ever have your entire fucking paycheck garnished
that's a whole crime
who the fuck is
this angered me
we got angeldust
there's a little floridian in us all
y'all ever just
i'm still gone from last night and i have a doctors appointment today lol
always be there for your friends
i was just told i'm thick. i need an adult.
it's the mickey mouse clubhouse
lil black jean jacket
just don't hit anymore
why did i read it differently
i forgot i had an instagram
"bruh kill us all"
honest american was that cena
cleaning the whip
imagine graduating from high school to do this
why does he have on shorts and a long sleeve shirt
idk what happened but this made me dizzy
a spicy chicken sandwich would most definitely slap rn
she went inside of him
i cannot fucking wait til morrissey dies
is this cap?
good morning, kanye
kanye morning post
wake up wake wake up wake up wake up wake wake up wake up
this killed me
why do i feel attacked
oh jah by brockhampton
gang gang gang gang gang
what y'all think going on
move along nothing to see here
she was being held at gunpoint
i've always wanted to post this
this has been a pretty decent weekend ig
talya certified meme
baptized in fire
it's time for renovation
somebody tell demi lovato please
this made me so happy bruh
me and my serotonin
florida man escapes from gta online
but minecraft already has a fuckton of herobrine
i'm about to print some "we currently ain't got dem sandwiches" fliers and post them on every popeyes drive thru in the county
i've posted two polo memes less than a day apart
what kinda drive thru window is this
if you got caught lacking by this you ain't deserve life
is this it?
i'm so fucking tired
asdf type beat
smoked out like where my roof at
if you see my face, good luck. god bless
bruh wtf even happened
absolute mad man
this is the first thing you see when entering the gates of hell
that life jacket ain't do shit huh
i'm going to post the full video later
is this like a play or something, why is there a dummy on a stretcher
bruh how the fuck
this how it be
tear drop on my homie face
zumiez employees at the mall in cumberland be flexing fake chains
finna go to the gym
y'all know what she meant
this is the dude from workaholics
oh my god theyre in the fucking trees
super sad do to things that cannot be controlled , because if i could change the health of a person, it would be done, so in efforts to make myself feel somewhat better i'm going to post a lot of my favorite memes
me and my imaginary friend
well alrighty then
how dare you, karen, you must respect drip at all cost
me tonight at the gym
nice try bro but you can't bluetooth the bibble
this is amazing
foo done fucked up
she look like the type to stick bobby pins in outlets
now wait a second pal
every time carti's verse on earfquake plays
really shoulda said no when my manager asked me to cover another shift on top of my own but fuck it, chase a bag
i fell super behind on shit post i'm gonna try and catchup though
shining she couldn't even say louisville, why'd she even try the last name
say sike right now
how y'all feel about this?
man i woulda just accepted my fate
preparing to be shot
i think adrian drives a chevy
it's all fun and games til
this is a fucking joke right
clout and cheese
how y'all feel about this
officer biggs coming through
my back hurts, but the bag has no limits
the batteries fell out of his controller
good morning welcome to panera
ha ha get it because you arent supposed to eat it like that ha ha ha so funny
employed yet again
extremely sad but here's a meme
this is actually funny
token sober kid
this is unnecessary
no one at all:
no one on this planet:
not even aliens:
not even bill nye the science guy:
not even steve from minecraft:
not even elon musk:
not even my left nut:
not even john wick:
not even jahseh onfroy:
not even spongebob squarepants:
not even lightning mcqueen:
not even playboy carti:
not even nasa:
not even drake:
not even buzz light year:
not even mark zuckerberg:
not even grumpy cat:
not even hugh hefner:
not even bill gates:
not even half the population of india:
not even brown people:
not even luigi:
not even god himself:
not a single living organism in the universe:
true self love is when you have a poster of yourself on your wall
drop babies on accident
what is the point
karl is online
please no cameras
she still hit it at the end
frozone and samuel l jackson are the same person
i don't really like this one
there are so many of these alien memes
i haven't been this high in a very long time
i am so home right now
i wanted to post this at least once
i play with fire sometimes i burn bridges
is this real
had to clip it
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
the power within
mini man said
waterbeds are disgusting
somebody that i used to know
finally can post again
dwelling in the shadows
cokey the bear
sorry been busy
big boi coming through
ah ah ah
i need an explanation
i have been attacked yet again
this is the skin behind your nail running away
this made me so sad
running up on the ender dragon like
desert eagle desert storm
so much dope that it broke the scale
i love it
bruh i almost gashed my hand open
vividly portrayed within my dreams
what type of music player
yet another npc glitch in the matrix
rest in peace
tweak and craig
anger is not the way of the je
fucking lettuce steppers
why hello there
leave me a comment pls
same bro same
weird flex but okay
happy holidays everyone !
hi that's hot
i forgot what noise noise this is
what has this become
ladies and gentlemen
jfk shot first  owen kensky
it was good the first two hours
on that december grind
it's that time everyone
who the fuck snitched
someone teach me how to do this
good fucking job people
want a sprite cranberry?
let's hope not
grab the mf strap
i'm missing a lecture
i'll do it
still iphone gang
apple gang still
last one i promise
oh they missed hon
oh shucks they're onto me
such a wonderful day
seems practical enough
i'm just sayin
i swear to god i dont wanna see a single fucking meme about it
the fucking dial tone
hit or miss?
okay one more because the other one wasnt good enough
this is deception. stay strong everyone.
thank me later
shes got two kids but i bet i'll never see em
cant use it
this hit me in my soft spot
i'm just checking
i think the fuck not
old but gold
i really like this
i would go see this
seems practical enough
literally the most ineffective security ever
okay this is funny as fuck
yall already know
i really like this
pulled a spooky on ya
good morning, let's get this bread
fuck yall i'm keeping this up
for boys only
the only highlights that matter
devastation beyond imagination
sad gamer moment
update : still fat
damn sad neighbor hours
now that was pretty spooky
this is dead
some mfs be fake af sometimes
today is gonna be just moth memes
the lobsters are coming
imma probably be inactive for a while idk this page isnt really going anywhere but i'll be back
this is funny to me
damn why cant this happen to me
i want a hurricane laquanda
very good deal i've been paying too much for watches
just sounds like a bad tourettes attack
fact. bears eat beets.
i'm a little late to this oops
i miss this niwhat's your favorite so far?
which one would you guys rather eat out of
group chat ammo
so we stealing from ifunny now huh
i love this
if your main selling point for your meme page is that you're public then you need to delete it
on wednesday's we shop at pink
can't control this die
i warned him
shame on him
to do list: spare the baby
house door at church's chicken
this is how we practice monday morning
he's coming for your kneecaps
now if you'll excuse me, i have to re do last weeks logbook.
someone please reboot office linebacker but have terry tate work at spencer's
nyc finna be boppin ban everything
rate my receivers:
fat child consumes liquid and dies
don't steal a homies chocolate milk and this won't be you
what a time to be alive
vitals need more reverb
hi how are u
evolution of bad luck brian over years of comedic improvement
this is today's horoscope. what do you think it represents?
moment of silence please
watch it, pal
bottom of the food chain
choose. choose your executioners
hol up if i was a make a wish kid a day with edp would be my immediate request
who else snaggin?
we boutta get fucked up in okla
he just tryna get into the armory damn
if you're reading this
the reel never stops
he's thinking about takis
i told a shit joke in a dream last night and laughed myself awake
i'm boutta go apply for this job y'all want anything
y chromosome gang
in case you were on the fence about purchasing a life straw
undeniable proof that fishermen are now officially the most oppressed group
posting amp me ads is the new method of coming out
strangers and freaks type beat
very pleased by this
back it up terr
that would be cool if these looked nice
i can feel this tweet's energy
duo is a bitch he ain't doin shit
impractical jokers were in tulsa and i had no idea i'm fuming
this classroom yields the power of phoenix axe and early pubescent sweat
best concert of my life!
in case y'all forgot
receiver probably burned the fuck out of him right after
hee hee obesity
fun fact none of the characters in san andreas are real
what's  the  difference
select your fighter
we just tryna recharge damn
imagine thinking a petition will save a rapper who broke the law
get nae nae'd adumb
welcome to the family son
comment for jared goff to fard pant
this might be the hardest i've ever laughed sober
not looking forward to seeing the cringey activist commercials about social issues
shaking my smh
matt has coming
quote of the day
he dont'te bitte
"i support the wave check josh"
"first date kinda nervous" snap stories are not funny or quirky doe
both of these
in need of a rn
posted this one year ago today and this image still spews reality
fuck this universe
that moment when dat soulja boy almost cranks u
can i kick it?
my gym partner's an authoritarian
i just settled all my lawsuits.
why is everyone just now complaining about instagram's algorithm
tonight's big winner
but it do
just guyz bein' dudz
what was ur guys' favorite gift this year mine was a candle
mom would be sad
i've been waiting for someone to export this piece of filth from snap
"how'd u kno i'm british?"
this is happening again ok
damn good kraft single
this man single handedly saved this attempt at humor
thanks, i love it !
feeling quirky doe
if you're cold they're cold
so what if he's the monster
in case you forgot this existed
why do people still think correcting grammar is a worthy argument
for the love of god do not go to mall of america tomorrow
okay honestly does anyone even look at instagram tv just wondering
geometry man said fuck work
church rides the mist
the nerve of this dude
this dude kinda quirky doe
yes if he has control of the senate
if i were allergic to peanuts i'd most likely end my life
how would this argument even transpire
still have never watched the office
gonna get this framed one day mark my words
last night i had a dream that post malone was in my room smoking a cigar and he smelled so bad and he wouldn't leave
fresh out the gutter
squidward please think of ur future
this guys a grade a booger eater
inspirational quote of the day
new favorite video
if you see this post you're currently in a hot cheeto induced coma. please wake up, we miss you
what the fuck's up denny's
completely forgot about this video
you're gonna fail that test today
i fucking abhor my sense of humor
another classic right before our
only a week late
better not be shootin while i'm tryna watch the cleveland show
everyone shlept on my man ezekiel
smh my head
what a fucking bitch
i fucking love november
nice man places his cans in the correct bin for future recycling
powerball neithers be like
wake up and get this grain
hi my friends are dead
never trust anyone who drinks lacroix
fuck the planet
get a load uh this guy
they're fucking dead
will someone please come tie my shoe
he reely did it
these are cheap humor but i love them running for dat cheese
the holy trinity
c'mon kids you have the power
daily reminder: fuck stuart little
me but with the neighborhood toads
if you one of those people who snaps everything cut that shit and enjoy life through ur eyes
why do fortnite players brag about buying skins on a free game
can you guys believe some people actually swallow pills with liquid
rate these toes
why is there an ad on snapchat with two dudes kissing
damn mac really dead
eat that jared
johnny johnny memes aren't funny change my fucking mind
i hope my crabs leave soon
have good day
i need a couple more active people for my fantasy league hmu
bitch called my phone
but i'm on the road, i'm like nah nah nah nah
she like wah wah wah wah
i'm feeling like i'm up and i ain't coming down
ballin' 'til i fall 'til summer comes around
i need me some commas and a couple pounds
i been smoking, i been blazing, i been thinking, i been sipping
making plays in different ways
to overcome the competition
you been hating, i been making observations on you're fakeness
it's obvious we not the same bitch
come and see the difference
like whoa, i ain't never slow
last thing you see before death
have a good asleep
why are you shooting me? i'm right
if ur feeling sad today i'll prescribe you this video
this is the highest peak we're gonna hit
i've missed these
chump change is king
lord forgive me for what i'm about to do
what's my man vibing to rn?
why not both
your fear is warranted
the lengths patty goes to for his clout
i don't like this meme and idk why
poverty in america
message to all snap chatters
i've never watched the office and i'm positive that people would kill to be in my position so they can re live it
not a meme. straight fax
here's a video you can bond with your fathers over
go at it
apologizing in advance for the shit spree that will be your ig feed today
living in the moment
i take my horse to the fuel pumps everyday
who's uncle gary is this
gilbert vs. humphrey who you got?
but sometimes i draw bad things., really, really, really bad things
me when i see combination pizza rolls
get fucking fucked
god waiting in lobby
"i got horses in my car like a farmer"
or end it
fuck golden state and fuck the nba
i've lost my mind can you help me find it
smh let a man feast
anything squidward related makes me laugh instantly
business as usual
it be yo own
proper spelling is whoa not woah
everyone's been saying it
we've all been there man
this is not how i wanted my sunday to go
should we be worried?
i just can't see myself doing this
omg so wacky lol!
and i am happy now
this is just straight up propaganda now bro
skull yea brother
we are some bad bitches, you best stay out of our way
it's more likely than u may think!
i can't wait i just preordered mine
kinda a mood actually
just call it jelly. it's literally jelly.
"he helps me tweet sometimes"
wow so helpful! i will use this information in my "life"
i haven't got the newsletters for a few months, what's new guys?
fate is just the strings that death pulls on
i am awake now. my third eye is opening and soon i will be able to shoot energy beams out of it.
if i wake up dead today you will know why
apparently this was a place a lot of people went to in elementary and not just some old dream i had once
joker explains airports
this vibe speaks to me
the computers have won, its all over now
float on lil guy
we're really in the dregs now bois
yes, my persident
wow he is literally me
i thought this was a joke but im for real homeless now wtf
that doesn't really seem like how propaganda works but ok
ok u can make one joker post, trevor. but after that u have to do ur homework
my guy has like everything just let me know
why must you haunt me so, video games
be sure to use my coupon code at checkout for several additional free bones
oh god why did i let a bird in my house i knew this was gonna happen
please call me back science, i swear i can get clean
your not suppose to do that bro the article said you didn't do that
please dolly, i just want to see my son again
i have always wanted to marry a long chilean
facebook memories made this meme for me
fuck yea this calls for video content
im gonna find the lines of code that did this to me and beat them up
if u want to be wrong, at least
this image looks the way i feel
i think it's the guy from house but idk if he's a disembodied head floating above a lake. can someone look that up?
now this is targeted advertising
how do you think they keep track of all of them?
how did we never think of this before
be warned, they are all around us
the new guy is kinda depressing
have a good week guys
i will tear this planet down to its foundations
mattress that makes you say yes if not pictured
it's another fluid dynamics tuesday post, a long standing and beloved series here on my internet page.
i will be the first person to say it. lovecraft is bad.
look at this image and try to tell me we don't live in a society
rob schneider voice: "rob schneider"
finally something i can easily relate to
it's true i do have low blood pressure
i can't believe this is real
jesus christ this changes everything
that's right this is a don lemon post now, don lemon assaults bartenders
very helpful thank you!
this is bullshit im calling the police
i made this about you
currently in the midst of an idea drought
turbopump diagram memes
this is kinda wild actually
i have always wondered this
wow so true
i just wish he called me back
oh man we've all been there
skull guy explains circles
if you don't like it you can borrow my fraiser dvd
i feel like this is true so it is
the monthly chicken fried steak meetings get really confusing
lol imagine backing yourself into a corner this hard
i read about this, there's no way it will work
thank you science man, very cool
i do sayeth i am in possession of this jam
how do you make your brain work correctly? is there some type of code or
this changes everything
i can't wait to finally sit down and play the most trve gamer game there is, luigis mansion
holy crap we need to absolutely destroy millennials
fashionably late to the joke
really make u think
we're all thinking it
cool guy zone only don't view this if you aren't fuckin badass
share if you think millennials are dumb like and share this post
please somebody help him
i just want to tell him my recipe
a lonely infinity
i will not stop posting tm
today i will post content hmm blank panel nice
era who did this i am yelling rn emoji emoji
omgwhat does it mean
now this is a tough decision
im posting this from the public library
this rly takes me back
she didn't buy it for you she bought it for us
welcome to the future old man
i read an article once
i always knew something like this would happen
can u even imagine
what is wrong with you people
ive been trying to post this all day, im pretty sure jeff did this to us to stop me
ive been thinking about this a lot lately
now this i understand
who is he
i am not back but i had to get this out
venti, if possible
i lov u death sticks
hello it is me, scary burger clown. please tell me if you will eat my bones.
this tested well with focus groups
i am an angel on an infinite grid
i absolutely need to be stopped
wow so funny a meme
jeez what's wrong with you people
i don't believe that for a second
what am i doing with my life
girl u look like sarah palin at an aa meeting
it doesn't help but it's like, something to do i guess
i didn't think this would work but now i have to make a bunch of child support payments every month
jesus christ could you imagine?
whoa that's crazy man
i am yelling and thinking
sometimes i just be thinking
this has a lot to say about are society
subprime lenders gonna have a good time
i understand you, blue hedgehog
stick boy .
mouseover text: this is a completely original idea
you can really taste the blood
we really do inhabit a closed loop system
i am yelling someone please give me a cigarette
my synapses are firing in a number of conflicting directions
certified classic post
take that neil
biggest mood ever discovered
this is completely unbelievable
this changes everything
how to show her u really care
aye aye aye aye
fucked up if true
it's been so long i don't even remember what the shoreline looks like
really incurs a thought
hello mr. mothman
i'm just a classic southern boy looking for a unified field theory
someone please tell me what the sky lights think of me today, i cannot proceed without this information.
this changes everything
i will see you guys later sry
hello you stinky lizard
just give it another second bro it's gonna happen
program completed with errors
somebody better fess up this is ridiculous
oh god now everyone is gonna know about that time i shit myself at a pep rally
everyday i have to deal with ppl calling a quay a jetty and i cannot take it anymore
science really is beautiful
this really takes me back, i spent so many hours in there
hard relate here
merry christma s.
the teeth said to, you have to do it now
sometimes i just be thinking
this changes everything
omgam i baby?
i'm probably gonna stop hanging out with u
thanks mr sphere cloud
holy fuck, but also me
forgot a caption lol
sorry al but you really embarrassed yourself after that physical review article
present company excluded of course
when i die people will be all like "how could this have happened"
jack you need to be stopped
oh man, we've all been there
my friend asked me to post this for him
remember to never proofread your work
oh right, memes
bikes from a few days
man, this really takes me back
please write your local government about led replacement bulbs today!
ive been thinking about this a lot lately
an attempt was made
no? can i get a ride to big lots then, they probably have some
honestly i can't believe this wtf
stop suppressing the diverging diamond, united states government
are you a bad enough dude to catch salmonella
holy shit lmao true
"come in houston, i stepped away for a minute and forgot which submenu privacy was under"
absolutely infallible logic
i am screaming rn
well if this isn't me
whoa nice lol
this is the only 'literature' i need to own the libs
please help i need to find my medication
then what's even the point
"haha and also thank u for showing us this" they will say
the leading edge of that relatable carbon based content we all crave
damn i can't tell you how many times this has happened to me
i am smarter than the titanic
feel old yet?
a fate worse than death it would seem
wow, relatable! be sure to comment your favorite cancelled uses of parafoils in the comments below!
oh fuck it's about to get wild boys
i don't know what people were complaining about, this game rocks
this is all very complicated and i don't have time to explain it
they put a dumpster here to try and block it but im actually garbage so it only made me more powerful
"hey what's the wifi password here, nurse?"
"that's not funny sir you need to stop doing this"
do not worry people, we will make it through this
have you ever read the novelization of 'the matrix'?
listen dogs, you know i love you but you gotta chill sometimes
hey girl, i see you're into things that take way too long and you end up having to do yourself
you don't want to get trapped in space forever like i did that one time
jesus christ, i lived there ryan
this is an older repost from before this page had likes, it has very bold and distinguished aromas
why does this keep happening to me
wait this isn't mac dongles
i had a dream guy fieri died and it was really weird and made me think
really initiates a think
some of y'all don't feel uncomfortable in most social situations and it shows
that's lead, you're gonna get lead poisoning
blue cheese has mold in it
im just here to have a good time, man
only libs use google chrome
"please god no anything but that"
he is glad you have taken the time to observe him
oh man i can't wait to try this
people yell at hand
there is nothing you can do to stop me
it really always be like this huh
i hope someone was fired for that blunder
mom said it's my turn now
content break soon possibly
who supports are troops press like
merry chrisp. as
relatable experience matrix anomaly
also includes bonus lithium poisoning
nu shirt ideas, i would need to make these in full size to do it but lmk if you have a big want
this is not refutable
all i ever wanted
warning: swipe for a cursed image
don't do this or you will die
what the fuck i cant
i need it
this is not ok
damn what a bro
using pokemon cards
this is what having an anxiety attack looks like
i can't wait to use bats and join the brotherbood of bteel
i need to be stopped
torque induced precessions are ruining the country
these streets can be lonely
probably not that different than most episodes
there's no way he can climb that wall, all he has is a can wtf
i am unsure how to process this information
real trashposting hours im too sober to create comedy
this is not fuckin fair
i did not raise you to be this way
jesus fuck i gotta get outta here
someone's probably made this before right
get outta here with alla that
these direct to dvd sequels have gone too far this time
tag the space shuttle in this post because i'm going to beat the shit out of it
sorry guys i think im trapped inside some type of silicon valley trap dimension
oh man i need to renew my prime membership now
hey anyone know how to cut necklaces
im starting to think we may live in a society
maybe i need to get rid of my stock cooler
i am unable to not believe this
no one knows why it's this way, it just is
oh man, i was really looking at that bathroom tv mount too
every day is the perfect day to give up
oh man, i've always felt this way but i could never put it into words
im both smarter and dumber than you and you can't stop me
old friend of the page, stopping by to share some facts
y'all aren't gonna see "fountains of paradise" again biches
he'd probably just use it as a reason to be obnoxious on twitter
oh man, just like mom use to make
find powerful singles in your area today
i had to set this post up to give it any chance
i never asked to be this relatable, it just sorta happened
can anyone that is grass confirm this?
no one knows why this works but it does
you cannot unrelate to this content
he's really playful but sleeps a lot!
i don't need this kind of negativity in my life anymore
my stomach kinda hurt after but it was my duty as an american citizen
really makes u
humor dies with us
probably gonna take that content vacation now
who is this? this guy has been messaging me all day
i need to be stopped
let's end the week with content for probably nobody
this is unacceptable and will not be tolerated on my internet page
real photosynthesis hours, if u up press like
offer only valid once per household, continental us only, terms and conditions may apply
me coffee cup
jesus christ what is that thing
please help, this man has been terrorizing me for years and im powerless to stop him
dam where the real freaks at ?
im a sick fuck, ill have the grilled duck
i might end up taking a content break soon
slight punchline editing
you are required to relate to this content
need me one like this
bad at content
god i want to fuck science
damn didn't think i'd see these again
we live inside a caption text
i have a handful of complaints to file with the void
welcome to my instant gram
increase the relatability
a fate worse than death
big savings if true
real trashposting hours, don't even bother finishing templates if you're up
forgot to post these lol
i can't think of good content sorry
someone's gotta do it
big if true
at gangster popeye
you're wasting your time otherwise
drink some, ben.
hashtag diverging diamond interchange memes
book equals yes
this really doesn't say anything about are society
i haven't had any funny ideas all weekend sorry
you have an inherent relation to this content
trevor allen's "tales from work today"
we must stop the ai threat while we still can
what within a heck, this can't be true
big if true
absolute, uncompromising relatability
please be wary, he has been released
god i want to die
she didn't buy it for you she bought it for us
"i'll just reverse this twitch hat so it's the right way when i edit it. there will be no issues caused by doing this. i will live forever"
this really says a lot
found at work, pretty sure i live in gta
is this true
when you're broke but you need a new upper stage
is this true?
i still can't believe this
this is an infinity war spoiler please don't look at it
society is a gun paint hand
these are me
felt cute, probably deleting later
please don't tell me if this is a spoiler i haven't seen it yet
the nordic penesula has fucked me again
like this image if this is you
sad reacts only
please message me if you know
when you're broke but u need a new watch
relatable content please tag potential advertisers
picsart is probably discussing my uploads in a "should we get him help" type way
they do not think that this is the way that it is, when in fact, it is
gta is weird
not sure if this is true but if so, it's big
this is the worst thing a bill has done since the last bill did something
where did you come from, where did you go?
go away mom
saddest story ever told
it takes a cubed man
relatable content press like
if i could be so lucky
what a meme
big news guys
when u stunt
skateboarding in mine craft!
maybe life is was never meant to be fair
show me the lie
thanks thirty seconds to mars
nollie ufo jibbery because slomo clips crash my editing app
el hopaness rom tic
show me the lie
please relate to this content
what's up doc
how do i use phone
this happens every time
love u fatty
welcome to me instagram
real farm hours
very serious post please respond
wow jack from achievement hunter is looking much better these days
relatable content warning
please save me
admin pic, please press like so i can feel ok about myself
for gamer eyes only
do u have games on ur phone
where's the lie
infinie la clip
ok then what's the point
how not to bike
so bad it's good
trying new things
never run out of ideas for this template
king gamer girl
congrats to all the ppl who had fun at blocked and reported lmao
three quarter beans
have a good day today internet
hey i don't think hashtags are new but good job
tesla roadster with mounting integration for falcon heavy upper stage
tiny chair stunty doo pt deux
tiny chair stunty doos
real brit hours, post dental care records if up
i love the way these look
wish must be stopped
bruh animals are wild
trinidad soul infinitum
i am very smarting
smoke cop and the mystery of why is there so much water in the ocean
finally found a costume
finally my dreams of licking the glider in goat simulator have come true
trevor allen: backwards goer
now that's what i call a miniramp
hello id like to report a robbery
rly mooks u thook
very rare meme: supportive burger wife
when u realize there's no applebees
new hat line: hats for humans
image of myself
streaming add me on twitch
i am see
im busy leave me alone
screenshot of a new game im working on
cynicism and appreciation
it requires the juice. it puts the joos in the bobot for alone procnes
shawty got low low low low low low low low princes!
low priciens even outside the tatsee freeze!
we've barley just begun rolkng back price!
big paul to the rescue! he's got your toilet tissue! alwahs low! always price!
proces cam't get any lower!
cheers to lown low pritnzecs!
the s pronces?
wow such valoo! low lo
dude wipes walked so bruh wipes could run
please bro this is not sativa bro indi is low prices always bro
taste better than tide pods! two for one at low low prints!
bro ngl these price are pretty low bro
a pimp not a shrimp eats a steak and gets low low prices while you eatin taco bell
low pincers on the prefect spice for your sniffing and sneesin!
gwarp on sell for loan princes
get yo breff correct for low prices on sell
low price for shiny starfish!
on sell low prawns
what's on his mind?
try to laugh challenge
ok this is epic
got my last school exam ever now
i will be reading the comments, please don't spoil it
australia in australia
is this real!?
he lives in an igloo too
just got the new cyber truck
why he hold it like that
what is the meaning behind this
what is the best toy story movie?
someone tell me what's going on
what he do
why he lagging
the game was good in the first couple of seasons
it isn't even bad
which one is your favourite?
i thought logic was black
opposite for me
got my air force test today
my airpods are doing this
wow so deep
wow so cool!
console players when they get in a pc lobby
on the job
best caption wins
why would you put your mouth over that
the good days
is it even possible to be silent in the new cod?
honestly so cool
here we go
never give up
give my account back instagram
clash of clans is boring
why would he throw his phone without a case
this got deleted for "harassment and bullying" on my main page, just goes to show how broken instagram is
fuck the right pocket gang
eat hot chip
idk why i find void memes funny
fortnite bad meme said
i don't listen to rap so i don't know who this is
jesus help us
fortnite bad minecraft good
which gamer are you
fortnite bad minecraft good
he speaking fax
tax money being spent well
pc is worse
cool soviet video
what are frogs
i don't understand how people like her music
fortnite bad minecraft good
fortnite bad minecraft good
are the trailer park boys movies any good?
like a gangster
we have been deceived
he hit that
chihuahuas aren't dogs
took my dog for a walk and it's acting up
funny face lol!
the colour black
the hair spells australia
best tv show
bout to hit diamond on pc
can't wait for a new app that isn't about censorship and protecting offended snowflakes
where is he
daily dose of cringe
this is why my account keeps disappearing
another level of social anxiety
why the dog whistling
star wars fans
people really consider this music
would you get this?
got some good switch games today
happy thanksgiving go eat
did instagram update
elon musk is a genius no cap this dude really out here making blade runner into real world shit
none of my fucking messages are sending
this is how i feel at work
guys it's happening where is danny devito
fuck shoreline mafia
feel bad for drake at flog naw hes just chillin and the crowds booing him for frank ocean? as if frank ocean would ever go
here's a good one
wtf just happened
my whole house is empty we got black mold
my girl said i can't participate
just copped the outer worlds
heat, shout out chick fil a
who got mw is it any good actually i think the servers broke so you can't give an honest opinion yet
i didn't win kahoot! today in spanish
imo dying to live is kodaks best album
i'm sorry idk why matt keeps posting arabian memes
yo what does lingonberry even taste like
lmao i'm lackin
a fork slid under my fingernail yesterday
i need more money fuck minimum wage
i played way more terraria than minecraft as a kid
imma go to the shoreline mafia concert in boston who goin
i asked for a vibe check over the walkies today at work
i had flappy bird on mine
mad sick rn
no one hmu to play apex on pc damn
hit like to sip the drink
liberia is real life borderlands i swear to fucking god
french memes i feel this
this made me laugh at pizza hut
yall already lost
mexico appreciation post
i need multiple sources of income, might start sellin pcs again nice
if you had to choose one giant tech company to have a complete monopoly over your life which company would u choose
lil uzi is the best rapper alive rn
real life be mad boring
i be workin an not postin
i can never connect to the system in school
how i'm trying to be with my boys
who has overwatch on pc and wanna team sometime message me on the discord
i forgot i ran a meme page
i got a new keyboard nah most of you are nice
bruh real life kinda scary ngl
does anyone use the instagram filters
can you buys me some dinosaur toys
they on the hunt
sorry i was playing overwatch all day
i bought overwatch i haven't played in a grip and i'm excited to get back into it
i want pasta
kids are stupid
idk wtf is going on with this account
i cleaned my room sorry
burger king, pizza hut, and dominos are low tier restaurants prove me wrong   matt
you guys don't like my memes i'm pretty sure instagram shadow banned this page and i have an extremely bad headache have a nice day
this my whole vibe this morning
bobby gets released next year
anyone got a
i've been staring at a screen all day
guys as far as i know, no one was harmed in the making of this
discord server is being cooked up boys   matt
and that's a fact
squidward kinda woke on this memepage shit
so how was everybody's day
have a nice mc post to enjoy your day with no meme pages ads
oh hey i think we survived
alright it's that time again
me when my dog gets in the way
conspiracy, history class gets harder every year because there is more history to learn about
i want mac and cheese
chick fil a monday
i bought cat in the hat on dvd from target and i still have it
it's modelo time
do anything for clout
and now a minecraft meme to move away from tay k for the people who dgaf
i laughed way too hard
what's the meme above
bro me and the homies need mchickens
why would you just do this to your kid in the middle of the day
my dealer just texted me saying "bro come back i gave you the wrong bag" just imagine
this is why you don't kill the poor elephants
i died in the nether and i had diamond horse armor i'm so upset
we all need that ice cream money for the whole squad
some more panic
my girl gets angry when i say i like her thighs but i say please destroy my skull
very black crayon
i made this using snapchat
i always need some carti in my life i'm sorry
i can't make it but i want to
fuck the peas are upside down
bro im really sleepin on this meme acc
these last few days have been blurry
who yall want for president? i want bernie bro, the only consistent candidate   matt
i just wanna know the thought process that leads a person to believe this like i wanna talk to one and ask why
this is genius
i love uzi sm i wanna uzi tattoo
im so tired
some memes boys
what is this
when u smoke resin and then u kiss ur girl and she says ur mouth tastes like resin
i will post now sorry guys
such a satisfying movie
imagine if i could post everyday
i got a my hero academia shirt, fuckin nerd
with amazon early child training, your child can accomplish his dreams of being a certified amazon prime member and proper customer before his friends!, now included in your prime subscription
this isn't bad
wait he's engaged
when you're right, you're right
thanks for the meme bro
i'm gonna be at work so it better show up on youtube
i want tay k at my wedding
yo man free lil uzi bruh
who actually would do this
i feel so light headed and tired
anyone grow up eating kid cuisine
lmao who lives in mass
today's the third day not bad so far
people like this exist
the freshmen experience
honest to god one day i wanna have a clothing brand named candito because that'd be cool as fuck
no good memes rn
if you know you know lmao
i make memes for semi intelligent individuals
there is no way to experience loneliness till you wake up to this
facebook speaker lol
what your favorite celebrities are doing for halloween
lil pump made a girl break up with her bf on facetime live lmao
this ones even better
u guys can relate
how many likes can this get
i was literally like what do i do now
where'd leafy go
i miss when vsauce made science videos
the fucking grandma scared me so bad as a kid
i actually have the best memes
i'm not doing anything for halloween this year. feelsbadman
is peter okay
big money bitch, hey grandma
i dont really get this, but im sure you you youngsters do
fuck ihop its nasty
i don't understand why people dont like history and think its boring
why is he so fat
this is gods image
northmane   sandy freak
look up jimmy neutron on amazon and look at the weird jimmy neutron things they sell
tay k very hard
damn he got clowned on forreal
pizza man said fuck work
tjis aint it chief
i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class. i will not say fortnite in mrs. wieners class.
are you eating su su su su su sugar su su su su su sugar su su su su su su sugar no papa
the video is of white blood sells attacking a parasite, if you didn't know im guessing you arnt up to date on memes
if you make the other half of this video il post it
if someone has fineproxy and is willing to bind to my ip, please hmu. mine just expired
he is prepared
ok goodnight ya
got caught lacking
nah he wrong for that the money man
he went in lmao
happy thanksgiving poor kid
what he had in that bag
goofy kid lmao
they probably live in new hampshire or wyoming
"is grandmama okay?"
watch till end
corn on the cob
damn somebody get hannah
good morning yall. wyd
this how i'm coming from now on
damn they aint have to do darius like that
you already know he from arkansas
you already know lmao
this how i'm coming
idk what they sayin but all i know is this in mississippi or alabama
us texans claim him
us in texas don't claim him. i pass him to california
idk what state they live in, but all i know is texas don't claim them. what about y'all state?
you already know all they dads own a boat
miss u guys  say it back
dr. shu really don't give a fuck doe
where she from ?
what y'all think they names is?
where he from?
what music he listen to?
lmao somebody need to come get hannah
where he from?
where y'all think she from?
happy new year
business really boomin tho.
who music y'all think she listen to lmao
black on white crime
lmao the bird wouldnt even bury
tag a mf glitch
somebody tag tanner
happy thanksgiving from edgar
what city they from?
i had to watch this girl be this extra for no fuckin reason, so y'all gotta watch it too. fuck all yall.
comment yo mama age
the teacher lmao
what y'all doing?
lmfao where he from
hot topic vs. spencer's
imagine falling that far in there lmao
i need to be more active
vegan peta goons pulled up on gucci mane lmfao
it just keeps going
comment where they from.
what year they in?
what y'all think he been through?
is this the end?
ok goodnight ya
got caught lacking
nah he wrong for that the money man
he went in lmao
happy thanksgiving poor kid
what he had in that bag
goofy kid lmao
they probably live in new hampshire or wyoming
"is grandmama okay?"
watch till end
corn on the cob
damn somebody get hannah
good morning yall. wyd
this how i'm coming from now on
damn they aint have to do darius like that
you already know he from arkansas
you already know lmao
this how i'm coming
idk what they sayin but all i know is this in mississippi or alabama
us texans claim him
us in texas don't claim him. i pass him to california
idk what state they live in, but all i know is texas don't claim them. what about y'all state?
you already know all they dads own a boat
miss u guys  say it back
dr. shu really don't give a fuck doe
where she from ?
what y'all think they names is?
where he from?
what music he listen to?
lmao somebody need to come get hannah
where he from?
where y'all think she from?
happy new year
business really boomin tho.
who music y'all think she listen to lmao
black on white crime
lmao the bird wouldnt even bury
tag a mf glitch
somebody tag tanner
happy thanksgiving from edgar
what city they from?
i had to watch this girl be this extra for no fuckin reason, so y'all gotta watch it too. fuck all yall.
comment yo mama age
the teacher lmao
what y'all doing?
lmfao where he from
hot topic vs. spencer's
imagine falling that far in there lmao
i need to be more active
vegan peta goons pulled up on gucci mane lmfao
it just keeps going
comment where they from.
what year they in?
what y'all think he been through?
is this the end?
fuck all y'all
human drudgery. this is at a store called loco dollar ninety nine cent.
fun costume idea
school is a prison
fashion rats. anyone can be beautiful, even rats! fashion rats come with glammed out makeup, painted nails, and a wig that you can cut and style! now that's rattractive!
baby is born.
my first prescription
skin too tight
you win by dying alone
enjoy the holiday while you can
she said no
we are devolving
maybe one day.
buy a plant
barely any ketchup
the official drinks for the museum of toys grand opening tonight. human tears bottles available in limited quantities. rsvps are sold out, but there will be a standby line.
thanks almond joy.
how do you bench?
chores are bullshit
my favorite fall snack!
works every time
this game is too hard. unwinnable
throw your anger away.
go to hell, penguins.
types of tea
try it with your last google search
what are you allergic to?
who needs a new ride?
best careers for your personality type
divorce poncho now at walmart
get his attention with these creative ideas!
age appropriate chores for kids
i made some fake frozen meals for lazy people
left brain vs. right brain
i donated this fake board game to a goodwill.
when brand extensions go wrong
love a good rainstorm.
small talk: dos and don'ts
buy it now.
free poster to print and share with your single friends.
please list your preferred melee weapon in the comments below
i did male names a while ago, so here's one for the ladies
more "advice from nature" bookmarks
please buy my microwave
i left some fake clothing patterns at this fabric store
the perfect gift
the phonetic alphabet. try spelling your name!
wow. did you know this!?
common name abbreviations. tag ya boys.
our bodies are cocoons it only gets better from here
summer meets autumn with iced gravy.
egg is always the hardest.
alpaca vs. llama
introducing human tears   stay crydrated!
have you tried yelling?
choose your stylist
wanna feel old?
get a job in retail!
watch out for trail hazards!
fast! effective! pesticide free!
where my introverts at?
depressing decor for every room.
wow. ralph's just coming out and saying it.
medium dog breeds
forget a beach bod
things to say when you see a baby
anyone looking for a new career?
which way will you die?
you live, you learn.
come hang out in my garage!
i left some fake movies for moms in an electronic store
left in a fast food restaurant
good luck out there today!
the latest in home security.
i'm a man of my word
are you using the right kitchen knife?
stop looking for your knight in shining armor
will i ever find her?
easter egg dying instructions
life is an adventure! don't let it pass you by.
i installed a 'relationship saving station' at ikea to help keep couples from fighting
these are the hot trends right now
how many does your dog know?
car safety: dos and don'ts
best ways to die.
spring is here!
these are the most popular baby names right now
start planning now!
traditional anniversary gifts
i left some updated candy slogans at the grocery store
ways to make new friends
introducing fight of the month club
do not share this post!
fun ways to get fired
happy president's day. i left a free history report about lincoln at a local high school.
lola needs a home and would be happy in almost any historical era.
delores is looking for a home. especially interested in owners with spell casting experience.
throwback to when i renamed paint colors at the hardware store
here are some ideas for valentine's day
find small ways to feel happy
i genuinely think this is a good idea and should be implemented everywhere.
get fit in the pit!
please join me for this!
the majority opinion
i am catt.
i left some healthy eating tips at the grocery store
do not miss this
know your apples.
this is tomorrow!
today is international yell at the moon day. go outside and shout it out.
um. wtf food network.
left in a los angeles taxi
stay safe out there
i'm with dylan
one time i left a bunch of fake wine reviews in a wine store
left this in flight info on an airplane
wow nature is amazing!
why'd i put an expiration on this? could really use one right now.
thanks a lot, heathens
when office break rooms get cutthroat
another spell from last week's book of magick
still my favorite book section
sing it with me!
left on a dishwasher in an appliance store
throwback to the time i left this framed 'art' on the bathroom mirror of a museum
list more examples in the comments!
there, it's fixed.
stay safe in parking garages
these are much better than cash imo
there's just not enough time in the day
go buy ice cream
i left some fake in store coupons at the grocery store
give it a try!
left some fake summer fashion trends at the mall
i bet you thought it was a basketball
he was a highly koala fied leader.
obvious plant is now on snapchat.
public speaking tip
tag the astronauts you left behind
it's not to late to get that summer beach bod!
your steering wheel is a ghost prison
so long, gang violence!
more from the fake want ads.
my friends and i wrote a bunch of fake want ads and turned it into a newspaper
how to survive a death attack
try it at your next party!
i made a trash can for people's hopes and dreams
side note: don't take legal advice from a telephone pole
i added some book recommendations to a local bookstore
wind chimes are even more metal than you thought
florida residents have confirmed this is the most realistic reason for visiting the state.
from the archives
delicious trash snacks
and i am tall so i can spot birds and other sky threats together we are unstoppable
left in a phone store
left in a crowded chipotle
try it for valentine's day!
classic valentine's day tip
i left some new office rules in the break room of an office i don't work at
i added some new specials to my local diner's menu
this is the one i want to be real most of all
i made up some fake events for my local library
obvious plant is one year old today! here's the very first post.
another one from yesterday's post.
left some ripeness guides for fruits and veggies at the grocery store
anyone need a new vehicle?
left at a local drug store
toilet repair solutions left at home depot
here's my fake one next to the original
left in the paint section of a craft store
acai berry facts. left at an organic juice place.
suggestion for the local humane society
wanted: new son
i left this letter from 'management' on the doors of an apartment complex
hidden on the bottom bookshelf at the glendale library
left in a los angeles taxi
this is a fact
new pool rules
left on a clothing donation box
left on a community bulletin board in los angeles
y'all using an android or iphone?
tell me the craziest shit you got sent out of class for
people be asking me a price for a promo, have any ideas?
what is the time at your place rn?
what is your favorite childhood tv show?
sorry for not uploading yesterday i was at a party
what y'all up to rn, i'm bored ash
is this meme like still relevant or am i late, this gon' flop.
new truck bad, defunct antique car from decades ago good
happy official holiday season everyone!
i put my blood sweat and tears into this meme
i ain't mad he just chillin
there is a positive correlation between how tired i am and the quality of the memes i produce
hi everyone enjoy this meme until i think of a better one
how do you watermark a video lol
just got back from antarctica look at this video i took on my android
there are no flaws in rodrick rules
try our new fortnite burger with extra creeper fries
mr krabs went on to donate his millions of dollars to charity
this one hit too close to home
only true engineers can master the craft
hot take libraries are useless
future generations will study this piece in art classes
here are some unedited prageru screenshots to brighten your mondayalways try to work out your problems before burning any bridges
the mouse will fail the vibe check!
it's gonna be a good day
finally irresistible i am
that face when i see thos beans
jokes on santa now i can finally power my furnace
there are local hot cousins in your area
ipad bad must charge battery
now i understand why my mom has one!
and he paid the price
all of you:
no mickey dont do it
don't forget about the wacky numbers on the front
choose youre fighter
repost to spread awareness
never bother a man with such nonsense while he is fishing
id venture to say thats a wise guess indeed
husband bad. halloween good
happy all hallows' eve, from jim
this reminds me of grammar school when i flunked out for spending all my time welding
we're movin into your neighborhood
whole latte shit comin outta these millennials
i'll lecture you on anything!
when your grandpa makes a meme account
contrary to popular belief, phone is, in fact, bad.
my grandson when he takes one too many of my hard candies
asking for a friend
he was a boy she was a grill, can i make it any more obvious
mornin weezer  say it back
if this isn't relatable i really don't know what is
recipes for baked beans
lol this rules
sorry, i only listen to the sound my garbage disposal makes when i throw your millennial ipods in it
the last thing the housing market saw
millennials won't understand this kind of pain
i won't lie, this is definitely me when i'm picking up the sunday funniesthis is probably the edgiest meme i will ever post
tony hawk was the ghost writer for the beatles
you know we had to do it to em
noif you are vegetarian i will scold you
this is what would happen if we didn't live in a society
someone had to say it
good morning fellow teens
personally, i'm a directioner
that quirky moment when you bite into a juicy moist succulent delicious tide pods
lmao how could the sun not be right outside our very atmosphere
just try telling me india isn't a number one world super power
i will replay that cat video immediately sire
asking for a friend
reminds me of my wife!
me and janet saw some young rapscallions brandishing these mysterious items, does anyone know what it might be?
i don't wanna get anyone too excited but i think i see it
yes i'm self aware
swipe for the original context
books are literally obsolete now it is far less efficient to go find a book and likely buy it to get information than to just google it and get your answers fast and for free
who is joe?
phone bad phone bad
these both radiate the same hard candy scented energy
who do you think did it?
if my son even dares to touch his phone during dinner i immediately take it and throw it into the garbage disposal  jim
jebediah is a player!
wifi give brain big bad ouchie
ben shapio epicly nae naes on liverals with faith and reason
she's done it before, she'll do it again
does this mailman have the devils lettuce
dude she totally likes you now
at least the krabby patty formula will be safe
guys i need help instagram won't let me copy and paste comments anymore how do i fix this
will trade sister for pizza
looks like drake and josh are in yet another sticky situation huh
asking for a friend
hope this one's relatable enough for everyone
if i ever post a twitter screenshot and it's not the funniest thing you've ever seen please just block me because i will have lost my mind
laugh at my joke!
tag a gamer friend who would buy this
with a side of hose water
i miss when youtube had notes during videos
and he do be lookin kinda cute
this isn't even cringe this is a masterpiece
now i have to spam cringe
apparently i'm supposed to post good content why would i do that
this only took me like half an hour to make
dude i'm totally listening to this fascinating lecture please don't sharpen your pen
feeling kinda quirky todaydo the stanky leg
bullies got a lot more advanced "give us your lunch money or we're taking the kids"
drip too hard don't stand too close
i'm sorry you all had to see this
just realized i got paint on some of my favorite shorts
me when i am very tired but also can't fall asleep is this what being a millennial is like
this made me want to wait inside the car no matter how hot it was
the lion sleeps tonight
the lion sleeps tonight
my grandpa eats my go pro hero session
it's all fun and games until the self checkout tells you to wait for help from a real employee
hahaha no shut the frick up
my cat waking me up to feed it
this could also say "the entire college class when the professor's ringtone goes off" and the video would be just as accurate
i wonder how doctors will adapt to fight superbugs once antibiotics become ineffective
not even a meme this time, do better men
i'm not scared of the dentist at all, but going to the eye doctor gives me anxiety for weeks ahead of the appointment
hope this never happens to me
time to watch hgtv
who tryna be my cousin tonight?this my thanksgiving fit
happy thanksgiving, say it back
good morning doe. what yall think bout the nominees i made and the original nominees?
i hope my soulmate is out der being wholesome and not being a hoe
so the leaks gets more streams huh, not gon lie i be listening to dem leaks what about yall?
im back in this bitch
yo. i changed my name i hope yall still fuck wid it if not i might change it back to playboi cause its about us ya dig. my bad for not posting inna long time. yall miss me doe?
what yall doin?
in conclusion he aint drop whole lotta red go to sleep
jus playin, this what we all look like rn
is it dropping or what. what the fuck yo
how im tryna be
what phone yall using im jus tryna see sumn
me rn. where the bitches at?
how u say yore "good bye"
solange prolly skip to carti's part too carti is finna be on this account say something nice on the comment section he finna read it later, he sad
ayo stormi cute as fuck doe
new young boy in ah lil
ya girl do this to u, wyd?
what yall think bout these minecraft remixes yall fuckin wid it or nah?
who ready for highest in the room tonight?! turn up! open that shit up! from the front to the fucking back! hide yo bitch!
get jiggy right after i take some
if only we can aquire it this way
im boutta steal from target yall want something?
im on my chris breezy yum who else should be on here?
start ah arguement in the comment section
happy burfday karti
l for us les put our clown mask
whole lotta red friday the turnteef it finna drop that day
goodnight i guess, say it back doe or rubi rose baf water
carti should remove nicki verse from poke it out to pay respeck for her retirement ya dig! gang
is it fucked up that i do this? what yall think
good morning and say it back bitch. is it beautiful doe? gang
if i become president, im finna change the national anthem to kid cudi. what yall think about dat?  gang
jus got back from the car dealership, what yall think bout my new whip?
what he tryna calculate yo
who finna win?
trust no man but your brothers and never leave your day ones in the gutter. gang
karti carried earfquake, fax or nah? , and dont make fun of playguy carter i bet yall cant rap in cursive
goodnight to rubi, except everyone
what would you do if i pull up to school wearing these?
amen, praise then lord jesus!
stanks mom, rq doe, die lit is overrated. fax or cap?
how far wuld yall go just to feel karti?
good shnight yo
kid cudi challenge?
yo. should i get these? i heard these the hottest shoes in the game rn.
free rocky yo.
good shnight i guess young karti says good shnight  say it bak
phrank ocean on ah karti beat or karti on ah phrank ocean beat?
i jus wanna thank tyler the creator for having karti do his baby voice on ah piano. that shit sounds beautiful as hell.
good morning. hope u have an amazing day. say it back.
young karti !
finna ax her chin if that shit finna order food too.
lil uzi is always running from nardwuar except his first interview wid him.
comment release date predictions
everytime i see kanye smile. i smile. happyye is the best ye.
ion wanna see a picture of rocky without braids no mo.
i aint watched endgame yet. comment fake spoilers.
if carti music dont make you dance or like move yo body even in public? u aint ah real fan.
happy burfday asap rockyflatbed freestyle shud be the national anthem. who wit me?
shawty bad as hell doe
wash them extra good for youall the time bruh
hope everyone had a good thanksgiving
the weeknd killed it again
every time bruh
bruh imma start doing that lmao
love the energy bro
heroin really turning dudes into babies
yea that's when the anxiety kicks in
got a concussion last night
i wonder how this would work lmao
they got them luxury bathroom stalls
every single time i open the app smh
who needs a kidney? feeling kinda generous today
always gotta wait the longest i can till i fill up
lol good luck logging in on another device
rough day but there's always tomorrow
y'all must go on without me. i have failed
big brain time
i think we've all been there at least once lmao
don't lie there was always that one teacher you'd smash
the privacy he deserves
if they ain't expensive i might actually buy one
maybe i should start using bing
lucky for me i order the same thing so i don't get disappointed
lol didn't understand why they did this as a kid
just ran out of rice krispies treats
let's all rub one out for him this is definitely a pro gamer move
smh and they blame us
even better this way
y'all tryna give me the good chemicals
hundred million dollar company and still can't load videos right
i normally finish my food before i even pick what i want to watch
legend has it she's chillin with tupac
bruh we're all cannibals
i will drive on the autobahn at least once in my life
i think this takes l of the year
takin a dump rn hbu
might get a new car so that's cool
it is always pizza time. there's not a moment where a pizza wouldn't sound good
you'll never catch me raising my hand
uzi and carti need to drop like wtf
this is the perfect card wym
lowkey good point
michael cera was honestly one of the best actors imo
me pretty much all day
idk i'm pretty sure there's a little extra space there
we need a new zombie show cause twd is kinda boring now
just walk home it'll be faster
lowkey those stories were entertaining
the pain tastes good
i'm still not wearing pink smd
sad boi hours
bruh i bet they got mad anxiety before they had to read
do y'all weigh yourselves and then shit or do y'all grab the shit and put it on a scale? asking for a friend
y'all eat anything other than steak or pork chops?
it's the small shit that gets you
idk about safe but i definitely can't sleep without a blanket
this better happen. i'll even pay ppv
my dog literally barks at everything
what was the gain from that lmao
this what you call a "pro gamer move"
minecraft memes will never die
it's hot af rn
no i hope you got a today
chase a bag today
lowkey a good idea
those snapchat articles be weird af
when i'll be sick at the nurse and my parents won't get me so i gotta go back to class
i see nothing but facts here
time flies man
they had me thinking summer was forever
bro was on somethin
better not catch me on taco tuesday
hardest decision of my day sometimes
that's not king behavior
why pay to go to a shooting range when you can just go to school
guess who's back
we just some "meat" to them smh
ig this my back up account
everything on youtube boring now
what the fuck is that fitment
ight imma sleep
y'all be wilding out sometimes
they think they funny
i dont believe this
martin killed you
tactical toad tuesday
i can predict some unfunny comments.
ernie is dead.
is there actually any survivors left. be honest
what if we vibed in the cybertruck
bout that time
he still happy doe
in the lot rn
goodnight  now say it back
i would become unstoppable, the ultimate ruler
justice for lamp
i love lego start wars
this game is confusing
yo holdup, how
frick u mother
it's already too late
dw there's a cure
water ice salt aye
bootleg kanye spat on me
all that for a camaro
who can relate doe
not even a meme this is just raw as fuck.
is it really tho?
i'm a pro at this
some of you subhumans won't understand
nuke funny haha!
not a meme just raw as fuck
fax or cap
i miss regular show
so disrespectful smh
imma have to choose gerald
arma was on sale so you know i had to cop
how has everyone been recently?
i'm def the chill one
where'd it go?
pumping iron like its nothing
is it tho?
is this how to spoon?
yall find this relaxing or creepy?
boom pow whack sploosh kaboom
he really on a hoverboard
girls will never understand the pain
this looked like battlefield at first ngl
that had to hurt
boys always got my back
definitely a good movie
straight up heat
still slaps doe
honestly this is me when it bedtime
i have had successful attempts at this
hes just vibing
whats the answer yall
he's got my vote!
yeah sorry guys hope y'all understand
major black air force activity
wtf drake and josh
no one will win
flappy bird was the best
welcome to the void
hows everyone doing?
the full story.
say something nice
someone help me
you can see the pain in his eyes
thank you man!
you heard her
baljeet is cooler than you
welding is fun
haven't witnessed any yet
if you know you know
real life roblox character
haven't had a chance to see it yet due to being a functioning member of society
suffer now or else
the good times
i dont think this is how it works
get it, circle have no point
this was a interesting game mother, better luck next time
dont do it please
me when burger
guys what do i say to herfortnite burger
tried to look cool but i knew i was gonna get in trouble when i go home lol
good bye sir
it sure doesn't
rise and shine sailors it be sad time
that bruh moment when only reverse works
guys i think this is cheating
atleast he shut the door behind him
i miss the old days
just found out about global warming shits wack
what a nice guy
i dont believe it.
why they so fresh
when it monday
oh god he coming
what a classic
kinda fresh doe
is this true fellas?
thank you mother
violence is over
this is a certified bruh moment
what yall bringin to the raid saturday?
what did i just watch
this is my new car you guys like?
which one are you
my first pc parts came in today
frick the ceo of bedtime, we need to have a talk
bop pow woosh splat
heading there rn
oh god he zoomin
i am god
wow! can't wait to test the final product
no mother i do not want to consume "broccoli"
this bird was honestly just vibing
sorry guys going afk for a bit it's dinner time
i wish i could see what a cat looks like in real life
bonk atomic punch
someone find the shader
please help, i believe i am cursed
why he sound like that tho?
he is kinda fresh doe
how are you guys doing today?
it was only a matter of time
been a while since i've been on insta, been really busy so here ya go
rog and rolg mcdangolds
here's a good one for you guys.
couldn't not make one
good afternoon. say it back
came across this randomly on youtube
i googled it, its an actual place
source: nrk sport
lmao this is amazing
source: video dubs on youtube
lmao destroyed boomed
willy disappear is my fave hbu?
i can't stop laughing at this
and dogs go barque?
long ago the four ch's lived together in harmony.
it should work
and that's a science fact
turkey coma from thanksgiving yum
pie oh pie
couple of memes for 'ya
it's cold today
hello friend. please don't isopod me to death
i specifically feed large moosey bois
a story of a wasp
he's right you know
my fave feels funneh
give me some space!
if you felt a jolt it's cuz i read this extra fast
what is it?
which are you?
koalas.  a rant
"hi! i'm paul!"
old and gold
that spongebob episode traumatized me begin warmth
thank him by making a snow angel during the next snowstorm
i'm a good noodle
now it's turkish delight on a moonlit night
heart of the cards
bro. yo shift ain't over
mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
old and gold
love me, that's all i ask of you
assorted memes. which is your favorite?
help me miss
i love a good pun
have a nice day
who decided this
have a nice weekend
why you do dis?
i'm still depressed from college
leonerdo except the opposite of nerd cuz he's dumb
tag someone to irk them
all i do in chem is try.
that tree is giving me 'the look'
can you give me a hand with this one
years of academy training wasted!
uh. lady clean your ears
the best time for doctors
i didn't study
i am normal
i'm gonna do this
ight. imma head out
sleep well my dear
how 'bout a shake?
when were memes discovered?
fishy fishy fishy fish. he went wherever i did go!
you are worth a bit
twilight zone theme plays
which font are you?
comment "left" if you're a lefty and comment "right" if you're a right y
find happiness in little things
the chess bots will take over the world
"start callin everybody dawg"
no dumbs allowed
he was old
save them turtles
and burn popcorn
old and gold
he's not wrong sad reacts
as i scream "salt life"
true   salt life
watch out for that
get it together
i'm the heart. tag yourself and your squad
bow chicka wow wow
thanks for this handy guide
how many months?
memes for you
professor   i can't
she's not wrong
i did good job, yes
make this weekend special.
go on without me
spooky, scary, mitochondria
burn the witch!
the first one
tag a "friend"
what shall i do now?!
there isn't a pyramid emoji
sadness. loss of interest
flu season is coming  be sure to stare at your hands
oh. you right
telling this joke makes me the fungi at parties!
powering down good night
try to make a friend today
you're doing alright
i am imaginary
that's gotta hurt
dear lord, help me!
do your homework today
pointy or round water?
you are gonna die
won the gold penguin is upset
penguin wants you to be nice to books
comment something you learned yesterday
this worlds got gravity, son
stop yelling at me
tag a friend and share some positivity today!
rattle me bones! charge with me
powerhouse of the cellphone
cleanin out those sinuses
"i don't wanna grow up!"
boy oh boy
blast from memes past
i wish i was her
oh he told you, son!
double check y'all
reminder to drink water. put the bang energy drink down.
"meme school"  david bowie
doesn't fall far
just gonna ope past ya
i like turtles me too. uphill in the snow both ways
no. frick no
never miss a spanish lesson
tag someone who'd go out like this
good night. sleep tight. don't let the brain bite ouch.
have a nice day at work y'all
happy today good luck tomorrow
i'm a head
a couple more
stop the madness
get that bread today
it's the only way
i lift forks when i eat yo
i speak for the trees. they scream
here you go
i love these
laying in bed all day with a fever and the flu. comment memes, puns, and dad jokes below please
red is hot blue is cold
bang energy on lock
i want a friend thanks
don't use my theory as humor
splashes without water
stop looking at me
i feel this
how much have you made?
open in finder
come here often, sir?
don't be sad. get glad. force flex trash bags
i did it
trying that thing where you post a ton of memes in one post.
that gru no meme always gives me terrible anxiety
how many washing machines tall are you?
business goose math for your rap
groovy oh no!
come to mars with me !
i'm gonna eat them too
is this what you should be doing?
have your pi and read it too
pip pip a doodley do
it's almost good enough for them
tetris theme plays in distance
write these down, get bread buzz buzz what's the buzz?
find someone who loves your puns
won't do it!
don't spell it wrong
seriously. not cool
thanks for the help
this is a meme
gotta go fast  as fast away as possible
i'll take it
it's a nice feel
let's do it
oh god oh duck
be cool plant a tree or two
can't be the very best when you're dead
how long have you been paying on your loans? or how long did it take you to pay off?
got another question for me ?
don't move. they can't see you if you don't move
buzz is cool
it's for science
after while crocodile
pick up the slack
true. just do it
this is not marinara sauce coming out of my arm
i'm specific about this pacific
thanks barry for helping me see true beauty
good morning world and all who inhabit it
read to them
bang bang bang
just call me 'blue john'
it's a stretch
blinded by the light. or blinded me with science. maybe both i don't appreciate these rumors
i have the power!
um. hey bud
make your choice
you got this. it's on sale!
i'm feeling pretty good today actually.
it's forever engrained in my mind. help
you tell 'em
i don't want someone else's baby!
not at all actually
he took him to the flavor town in the sky
surprises let her know you care
we give cannibals the cold shoulder
ok, no one can "be a dinosaur". try again, jimmy
me to y'all
have a nice weekend everyone. take time to destress. maybe a bath bomb in a hot bath. yes
that's the word
no lies here
duck and cover best teacher
works for me
which will you choose?
gold team rules!
works every time
have a nice weekend
give it ten minutes max.
don't be late.
heck yes best day ever
you're in for it
they are saints
let a friend know this fact
tag someone who has brain cells like this
some marketing jobs too but aside from the joke
release me from the curse i'm in
wanna go? i got them hot crossed buns on lock
i do this for free
what am i doing on the toilet?
now you know
turtley 'nuff for the turtle club? turtle turtle!
who ya gonna call?
they wore spidey suits?
get away from me
eyebrows on fleek
who remembers the famous mph?
artist unknown at time of posting. some wholesome content.
smile and wave
light vs lite
you're fat and bald
i got notes
this is terrible
the pharmacist says he wrote "am i a joke to you?"
one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do
ay ay ron
winner winner chicken dinner
both are true
you did decent job
share this chart with a friend
what does it say?
science has been sketched
have a nice day
this meme can guess your age lol
wrong way bud
make it a true daily double, alex
much pupper such lab safety
what does the bread say? glugluglu ten tag
it ain't happenin
no wolves kay?
blow in it yo
sticks and stmanies may break my bones but whips and chains excite me? wait that's the wrong version
moose there it is
shot shot shot everybody
for a friday afternoon
baby pi pi pi
watch out boy he'll chew you up!
help me. it's only my second rodeo
you are the one for me
but she ain't messin with no broke neighbors
go on and yeet
tag a nerdy someone
"i love the young people" "how many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?!"
mind if i bring this back?
sprained my wrist with this density
science happened here
i'm upset with y'all
i am programmed to respond in such a way
but crystal math is exceptionally healthy
please don't leak
i could use all those things
i pressed no so many times my computer froze
they say the bird is reciting to this day
literally me all the time
it's a hard transition
can't make him drink lol
a rock feels no pain and an island never cries
who here works weekends?
can't wait for that to fall on my face as i lay in bed
kids are mean lol
um. well. both
this is cruel and unusual punishment
it's like brain magic
good boy. good floaty boy.
he can and he did
this is golden
what subject was this taken in?
slap it. slap it, good!
take that tsa
let's only call him that
bro which one am i. you're derek bro. bro.
why did the chicken cross the road?
put that thing back where it came from or so help me!
be careful over yonder, partner
we gonna party like it's yo burfday
whoah. i heard they both drank water too
it is wednesday, my dudes australia? ha. i understand science
oh yah i'm a hacker
for your chicken slapping records
choose your two
too true lol
tasty tasty science
what's up with technology
a new opportunity
so long, partner.
darn it nasa. what's up with this?
we're good here
not enough hours in the day
he's coming for you
she comin for you
bill nye the fly guy. tag your crush
love is poison whatchu talkin about
be there and be square
a wonderful story of the first self driving potato. "that's gotta hurt!"
shorten wyoming to just "why"
people these days
wait just a moment here, missy.
give me dat scholarship. you keep the roses
watch out birds!
thats gotta hurt
i can see clearly now
choose your own adventure?
think of this while you try to fall asleep
get used to it?
thank you science side
it all started when i was born
best friend status
make it stop
get away from me!
whoah he's einstein or something
comment your favorite phrase below!
i say data and if you say data you're wrong
a fun meme for you
i'll have none of it
thanks for the help
don't be so hard on yourself
oh fudge nuggets
uh. metaphorically speaking
the only reason
a note on birbs
don't you dare take the name 'strong acid' in vain!
i can't eat this
who has this feel?
oh! that's what it says
poetry in motion
you only say that cuz he's not around!
space. the final frontier
share this odd fact with a friend
i'm skipping class this morning.
anyone wanna my talent
i wish i was blind
i'm a clown lmao i have no self control
this man can singlehandedly eliminate plastic pollution
they're just sticking
i just know kim has the coin to hire a better photographer
what's not to love
sorry for those of u who don't get this, it's kind of a long shot
yesterday was craz
ask me if i'm ok
hmu if u can treat me like this. but only if
omg i haven't posted all day i'm a terrible meme page owner
get this for ur boo
don't worry friend
we love wish dot com
yes hi one mcrat please
you heard her
i made more
happy thanksgiving to my fellow canadians
where is coco's french vanilla
hello child it is i, nugget of chicken. please meet at this location, thank
i made this one are u proud
you've cat to be kitten me right meow
hi say it back
do i keep posting these
i just wanna know which marketing director approved this
fear not, more of those other memes incoming. had to spice it up a bit
hey good morning, still not over the fact that billie eilish put me on her story
i literally thought i was having a stroke last night. i was reading youtube comments and each persons comment was half english half gibberish and it was completely random. like what if i genuinely had a mini stroke last night
kris took the photo
this is how i deal with every issue
its much better to face these kinds of things
i laughed out loud
croissant please sir
this is funny right
i'm kinda thriving rn
obvious cop, amirite?
i want to play minecraft
ask me my opinion on things in the comments
i freaking love glee, i think i'm gonna re watch it
someone needs to selena stopmez me before i make any more bad decisions
it was me
i ate the sock
just curious  do most of u know what i look like?
well i guess
high school? over
please someone bring me kiwi turtles
imagine going through this with your mom in the passenger seat
i believe the contents of that flask to be cyanide. it will make you stop procrastinating. and breathing.
how is this child so articulate
i don't have time for hyper sensitive people  so sorry about it
but its his home
a math book reality
i think the funniest part is how the headstone literally just says "mom" as if that was her actual name
daily dose of wholesome
he did a mlem
you heard me samuel shrink it
good morning say it back
he womped his last womp
endgame cured my tourettes
this is how dramatic i am
hey gang do we think this actually happened or no
this dog knows im posting this right now
back when commercial was a synonym for mission
can't take a compliment gang
whose dad says "lmao"
you've cat to be kitten me right meow
i love cheerios
okay good so im not the only one
this made me lol
she took it literally im shook
this is it
so somebody went into my locker at school and stole all of the money out of my wallet. what the fuck man
i did a lol
who felt the need to underline and circle everything? i just wanna talk
me bopping to before he cheats by carrie underwood even though i've never been cheated on
my favourite side of twitter
middle aged moms:
i know bon bon over here is trying her best but at first i thought she was a pig
how the fuck did he get up there
happy valentines day pals have a cute day  love u all big
i mean what's not to love
see not all geese are mean
let him in
i don't have school tomorrow bless up
incorrect, water does have a taste. the taste is temperature and brand. where are my zephyrhills water drinkers at?
this is a pretty fire shower thought. speaking of fire, there supposedly was one at my school today. there was also a code red lockdown at school today. i am not joking about this and i want to remind all of you to stay safe and just be aware and make good decisions. everyone at my school is ok, and we are all safe now.
i'm more of a cyber monday. i can't stand crowded places, and especially stores
i can't find a heart beat, so i guess i'm dead inside
my brain is windows xp internet explorer. slow and tired of being used.
it only disconnects you if you're abusing it. also i'm extending the time for the profile picture contest since i'm pretty short on time. new profile pic will be up soon!
wow a gift for being social. i am one of the least social people, so i don't know why i would be at a party in the first place. but hey, i try to get better but nah it probably will not get better
maybe that's why everyone's house smells different
hey guys be sure to check the story because i'm kind of in a loophole of what i should do with this account now declining. if you have any tips for me, please submit them on the story. thank you. maybe i need to post more everyday. don't mind the video post, just testing some things out.
i wonder how the first computer was programmed, without any coding devices around.
no caption today guys, i'm sorry.
life's gonna treat you like a clown sometimes. but if you learn from the failures, i see it as a success.
this is the same thing for movies too. so, what's your favorite type of music? my favorites are most electronic trap, from trapnation or ncs. who else here likes ncs? just curious
i wouldn't mind if i ended up as one of my siblings to be honest. they can be annoying but i still love them
it's even worse when they're wrong about it
that's a pretty scool idea if you ask me
the sound of silence
here's a free chicken if anyone's hungry
my endorphins are pretty good procrastinators then
being lazy is not all that bad. a wise man once said, "if i were to pick someone to work with, i would pick the lazy worker because they find the easy way to find the solution."
this makes me feel a lot better about myself, until i find out they're blind
got a pun? feel free to share it below and i might reply with a pun.
i never thought about that until now to be honest
i live in my bed.
i use humour as my self defense technique
which shows did you watch as a child?
caption to the post:
if this ever happens i always think of the dream to try and have a sequel to it the next night.
dory has entered the chat
nemo has left the chat
question of the day: what do you plan on doing when you're older? i'm probably gonna go into real estate or sales, not sure yet though.
i can easily relate to both, to be honest. especially the photo part. there's rarely any photos i actually like of myself.
you know the school system is flawed when they give little kids nap time, but don't give high school and college nap time, which we really need.
where are my non coffee drinkers at? i used to drink coffee a lot but my coffeelings for it died down. i have a lot more coffee puns, but i'll stop coffeeding you puns now.
now that's a real shower thought, let's just hope she doesn't decide to keep her last name
i do that around people everyday
same thing with "elephant shoe"
well, that took a sad turn
this is why i keep my circle small
it's more of the way you use it in, which makes it bad, rather than just saying it just to say it. but yeah it's weird how someone decides that that arrangement of letters is known to be bad to say.
my brain is disintegrating
i've been reading it how a gangster would read it actually
the office is better than friends, change my mind.
i understand they're trying to make some energy in the room, which will work for younger kids. but with an older audience, i'll just feel annoyed and unmotivated
or when it's raining outside. i find it soothing.
lollipops have now been ruined for me
real water drinkers know that water does have a flavor.
i just thought of my future self thinking about me thinking about my future self
don't give them any ideas! i don't want to see the ibottle in the store.
the bad thing is that if the sheets were on the bed when you were gone you have a better chance of having a roommate. by that i mean a huge spider in your bed. goodluck sleeping tonight
i can't relate, but if i did, you bet imma sleep through the emergency. gotta get the hours you know
this post is making me quite anxious
cats are spies but disguised as cute little creatures, change my mind
must be a very expensive free trial though
then that cuteness turns into irritation after a number of times
finally, a realistic shower thought! and one we could all relate to!
you just gotta wait for the right time, since good things come with time
honestly, i could always use a hug. it only makes my day better. but it would be very weird considering that i'm in the shower and so are you if you're reading this.
those are the "i'll probably wear this to the store or something" clothes
they make us learn math but then build machines which can solve it in seconds.
update on the hurricane: it's likely to miss florida so i should be good.
you and your best friend will not be attending each other's funeral. how many depressing shower thoughts is that in a row now?
i could hear the tears on lonely. who else read it in a quieter voice?
once you get in the shower, you can't get outta it.
to be honest you can say this for anything
michael jackson: hee hee hee
i do it because i don't feel like telling them what they missed
the sentence could go on forever. ever wonder what it's like to have a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream about having a dream? comment  if you made it all the way down.
the best feeling is when you start it and everyone goes with it. but yeah i'm not confident enough to start the clapping. the only time i be clapping is when i'm clapping you in a minecraft pvp
the crust is the best part change my mind
to be honest, i don't really gain anything from fast food. if anything is fast, it's my metabolism
bold of you to assume that ipads existed when i was a toddler. even if they did, i'm samsung all the way. yeah i just usually was told to play outside
even better, why is "no one" spelt like "noone"?
they'd need to bring a whole rule book since everyone i know who plays it never plays the right way lol
you bet i'm gonna say this when i don't wanna go to school. let's just pretend it's friday everyday
call it the barkchelor! hahah get it? i say i win the internet for the day because of that caption
hence the term: organized chaos
am i the only one who doesn't take a nap when they're mad? i usually go for the shower or a quick bike ride or run
though school is very vital for preparing you, i do feel like it's taking our childhoods away. with hours of school then hours of homework, there's just not enough hours in the day.
i won't be able to sleep peacefully tonight now
some people said "and sometimes y"
i don't get it.
it gives us more time to figure out what to say
but how are you supposed to lose your head shoulder knees and toes
fun fact about me i've only been to the barber once in my life
ok i stop now lol
yeah and i also read read as read instead of read. how did you read read?
rest in peace cameron boyce, even though i never watched you i know you made people smile each day. see you soon whenever i open the freezer it's like the world's fastest game of jenga i swear
that's enough instagram for today.
also, i've been feeling a bit better lately. thank you for your support and patience, i just needed a very short break but i should be back now if i'm not too busy. but seriously the support i get means more to me than you think.
i cannot unsee in now
i rarely went to my locker and usually had most of my books in my backpack. if you know me in real life and have ever lifted my backpack, you will know that just hauling around that heavy thing was a workout.
the shower feelings community
respect to those who have slept on a plane. also, how will sleeping make it any worse than if you were awake? it's not like the car will magically slow down if you're awake lol.
going to wal mart anyone need anything?
cant forget that every "a" in australia and every "e" in mercedes is pronounced differently
i bet nobody, not even the smartest person on earth can think of the thing i'm about to say. ready for it? how about you tilt the can! see, that wasn't too hard was it?
i'm going to the future now, anyone want anything?
it's because these shower thoughts are keeping me up at night
i swear i've been having a dream about the last day of school every day for the past week, but it's played out differently every time and they're sad last day of school dreams unlike in real life.
this is random but i changed the shower head in my house today. how ironic haha. "ironic" ha get it coz some parts of it is iron ok bye
i can see you looking at your fingers after reading this post
i would not be surprised if people rated my trailer a one star for no reason. good night everyone.
explanation: if you stand facing the stairs going up, you will be going up. if you stand facing down where the stairs descend, you will be descending. if you don't get it, don't stair at this post and worry, you will eventually understand it.
it's true, i was the chair
and the millenials go yaw yeet
i wonder what my water bill is now since the shower has been running since last year
who else made sure it was true
wait, that's treeson hahaha get it ok sorry bye
i think we switched because plastic was cheaper . but still
i feel attacked
i see you've brought another calculator in the shower
no not the bugs again
sleeping. i can never see my full potential because i'm always waking up early. but in all seriousness i would have to say some skills of mine are drawing and photography.
i'm not feeling too good right now. i might post little later than usual. i'm sorry.
grave robbery would leave you in grave danger hahahah
someone tell em
i have a lot of experience with this
who needs a dream when you got real life
bold of you to assume that electricity makes noise when it goes out
this page is declining fast
well, time to go measure myself.
imagine brushing your hair
shrek gets killed by gingy in endgame sorry to spoil it
that can be applied for other things too
goodluck with that
patrick is out here living his best life i see hahaha
they're waiting for us to grow up! i see how it is
i'm can't see any comments because i'm afraid someone's gonna put out spoiler alerts for endgame somewhere haha. beware there may be people that will spoil it in my comment section so enter at your own risk
if this ever happens i always try to think of the same dream so i can possibly have a sequel to it.
and this person is called the cheater  that's realistic too hahah.
how many of you just tried this hahah
happy earth day everyone
if its infinite, there is no halfway though. oh yeah happy easter everyone!
what if you built your house?
looks like you managed to bring google in the shower
without beds we will be in trouble. especially in minecwwaft
i feel unproductive today
one of the reasons why i have not done a live stream yet
schcooby schnackchs yum
what if i ate it hahah
even if you're going slower, it's best to put the phone down for just a moment. put the seatbelt on too. remember: you're one decision away from disaster. i'm sure you all are aware. just want to remind.
i still do
and the worst part about all this is that you are late now
tomorrow is monday. just look at the irony
and to places with no cell service
"look guys, an object"
in some cases, drug dealers find the high schoolers.
wow you're really making me think on this one
you should see how unproductive geometry class is at my school
hahaha the puns are back
kinda hard to do that since i can't even sleep if i hear something weird
does anyone chew gum at school? i'm too scared to be caught hahah so i don't
then he gets killed by turtles .
sorry for not posting in a while i am just a bit tired today
also it could the other way around.
you're right. it gets eaten by the late bird instead
good night everyone who it is night time for life's full of surprises
i was not allowed to watch spongebob due to "bad influences" but i think i'm allowed to watch it now obviously. i would make some puns, but i'm almost at school
this is quite random, but imagine how frustrating it would be if your vision lagged
do you prefer cats or dogs?
that would be interesting along with more statistics but i don't think it will happen
this is a repost from a really old post, but most people have not seen this yet
shower feelings has not posted for a while, so here is an older one for you all
i think it's because mint clears your airways. i could probably make some puns from this, but i'm kind of tired right now.
i have never gotten a tooth from the dentist though
valentine's day is already here in a few hours. time's flying by quite fast
tasty? umm ok then hahah
what is your favorite chairity, i really kneed to stop with my puns .
imagine picking all of it up though
that is a bright idea hahah do you get it coz the sun is bright and the idea is good
i learned that glass came from sand when i used to play minecraft
that's why most people like fridays
i understand the lyrics of my trap music perfectly, just because there are no words hahah
yet none of them taste the same
they might be teenage jokes then
what is your favorite movie?
or proving yourself right
that's a con of living in wisconsin hahah do you get it because "con" is in the middle of "wisconsin"
if you have ice in water, does that mean water is in water?
that had nothing to do with this post btw
i don't know if it's a bad thing that i don't know what i'm going to do in life. definitely going to college, but not sure what to get a job in
that's the whole point of a weekend though
looks like i'll never grow up
freedom doesn't exist
shower feelings is a little late on this one. better if they had posted this on new years day but i still like this concept
i don't even want to know what level my problems are on by now
i never had grilled cheese for school lunch , but i remember the diagonal cut sandwiches. part of my childhood
yeah i feel bad for the people with ocd
also the ad had no bearing on my political views. it was for my friend.
wake up and be broke
i'm not much of an "lol" person. i'm more like a "hahah" person if you have not noticed yet.
oh, still have not drank water. i'm not joking i actually haven't since i've been in my car all day hahah
i have not drank any water for almost a day hahah
omg so true. also, it's ironic that i'm on a small road trip right now, and this post is about google maps
earth isn't round, it is a decagon shape
i'm sick of school hahah do you get the pun
nightmares are just the horror genres
or they will just tell you without even asking them
again, why do you have a calculator in the shower?
i cringe more on my old captions
irrelevant to post: we have a huge downfall in likes. thank you instagram and your new algorithm we love it
good to know i'm not the only one
so they will be born on a different month, day, and year
what if they didn't have a home to go to and only was able to go big?
when i didn't drop at tilted towers i promise i don't play a lot of fortnite
why did this make me feel so uncomfortable
this happens to me quite often actually. kind of like a sequel to your previous dream
what's your favorite genre of music?
maybe school should teach kids how to spell "memorize." hahahah
i still remember things from kindergarten that haunt me till this day. looks like it was moment to happen to me hahah do you get it
i'm a professional sleeper. it's my dream job hahah do you get that pun
i wonder how long the person who made this waited to tell everyone this
i don't cair hahah do you get it
there is probably a logical answer to this but i've been thinking of this most of the day
i like the crust actually. how about you?
i wasn't allowed to watch that as a child  just like spongebob
it's tomorrow too for most people
it says nothing so much that the word lost it's meaning now
it all depends on how you perceive it. you could think that someone has it worse, or it could make you feel like your problems don't matter.
i am an android user hahah no ipad for me. although i do have an ipod nano but i'm mostly for android
what if the earth is not that old? i don't think it's billions of years old
it's called a mom hahah
i have a samsung phone. which do you prefer, apple or samsung? gonna be lots of debates in comments maybe
when will i ever need this info hahah
no need to tell me as eye can see that for myself and my puns are out of sight for being good hahah do you get it
omg as a middle child this has to be by far the most relatable shower feeling without a doubt
"percentage" hahah do you get the pun ? i really moneed to make better puns
those puns were not very cash money
let's try to make the comments and likes on this post equal again
pretty dark but my worst fear is being killed by someone .
who thinks of this in the shower coz i don't
i can see you awkwardly trying it through your screen
maybe that's why we're always angry hahah
who is ready for exams if you're in high school
this is the most white person stereotype i've seen
don't have a caption pretty stressful morning
i have recently noticed that the
the real shower feelings hasn't posted in a while again.
i'm proud of myself for thinking this one. any thoughts?
check story poll please .
i love bad weather but also like being active and not staying in the house all day
more like the whole book
part of my childhood
i don't laugh at elephants because really it's not a big deal.
when you read read as read instead of read
you can bank on that thought hahah do you get it of course not cuz my puns are terrible
now that's a shower feeling right there
its nice and cold outside for once here in florida so i'm happy
"if i find it then you're grounded"  classic mom.
shower feelings must be in the shower still since they have not posted an actual post for over a day.
and yes i'm really looking forward to final exams
that doesn't come in handy hahah do you get it
i recycle my puns as you can see
don't take that litterally hahahah do you get it
some people have to still explain nowadays
then thursdays in november must be double annoying
just like energy. it cannot be destroyed and changes form instead.
i bet the lion told you that
uhh no kidding
oh but i can relate more with chewing. you don't realize how much force you use when you chew until you bite your tongue
some are lame already
ok whoever made this post clearly hasn't been to canada lol
i never use wi fi anyways, i have data
hahahah yep and i chose a really old shower feeling since the recent ones are trash
i think androids have this already
someone make a horror movie of toasters, i'm sure it'll be a success
that doesn't come in handy
i can't stand this one. why did he have to leeve us
science and history class
umm wrong, teachers expect me to do homework
everyone must remember that the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell or else your life will be hard
reason why i can't fill my playlist
sorry yall i couldn't respond to any dm's today , as i've been working the whole day. i am too busy to talk on dm's everyday
yeah, money is an annoying noise everyone
i don't hear anyone saying "with all due respect" except teachers
i never feel this anymore. people who i talk to a lot might know this already
and i'm saying no to drugs
yeah i bet those field trips are better than the ones i have as a private school student lol
no, i know there are no monsters under the bed. they could be in our heads
depends on the type of day you're having
i'm in the middle
tag ur honey .
oh i'm on my way to my next class btw
exactly how i feel if you have heard me speak before
we need this
relatable but there are things that get me in a bad mood easier than this
i'll go live on this account when i have the questions you all submitted ready
that's why you practice on a bouncy surface first
well what if you're wearing a skirt?
and when mark dies?
sill too many for me
some people have things better than tails if ya know what i mean
this is bugging me
it sunk itself, that's why
been quite busy today
i'm too lazy to check if this is correct
can you find the
but you are your brain, aren't you?
first learn how to spell borders correctly
that doesn't make cents hahah get the pun
and most of the people on the other percentage that do know, don't care
when a neurosurgeon operates it's just a brain working on another brain
and i'm the spicy of the humans hahaha jk i'm nothing like that
not even the blinds
and his grandchildren are lil pump kins
but think about it this way. we are the organs of the earth basically, and some people still treat it like crap
never was allowed to watch it. also if you have dmed me and noticed i have not responded it is because i am taking a small break. i usually just hop on instagram, post, and then exit since i'm pretty busy with school right now
i think i've posted this one already but if not then here you go
my dog eats crayons
but what if they are identical twins?
make good decisions today everyone because one mitsake could change your life forever
can't think of a caption
like if i'm ever playing a game and my sister or someone rolls the dice for me then i freak out lol
most likely if i'm texting you this is what i'll do
if you've been in detention for school long enough i'm pretty sure you've read the whole dictionary already
this is how you know the world is ending soon
so death basically craves for it's own death?
it's just being tired of everything and losing interest in some fun things
my childhood is ruined now and i'll never think about my dog licking me the same anymore
heard someone say this at school so now i'm brain dead
my childhood ended a while ago then
tell me about it i live in florida
if that isn't commitment then i don't know what is
famous people get money. money buys you better looks. an example is kim kardashian although i am against all those body modification things. be happy with the body you have people
there must be a lot that people don't want then
hit me like a brick
no wonder batman works alone. i don't blame him
guessing this ones a joke as well since monday isn't the first day of the week
must be a sibling trait .
never read it so i wouldn't know
last time i talked to my cat i'm pretty sure i didn't meow
if that's the case then i feel relieved now
imagine if they were not sliced already
maybe since it could be harder for dyslexic people
i've heard that in serbia, it means you are going to die
what's your favorite genre of music
can relate with the kid one
that must be phoneominal seeing your chargers break hahaha ok i'll go now
i have not even thought of this. where are there hamsters in the wild?
hopefully all cars are self driving by then or we will experience the end of the worldjk
schools have certain rules and regulations. you can express yourself, just don't violate the rules in the process of it.
i have actually posted this one before but not a lot of people saw it. out of all the shower feelings i think this one is the best, so i'm reposting it for more people to see. i won't repost anymore previous ones
was reading some of the comments on this one. i didn't know that it was illegal to colonize it, if those comments were correct. do you all know why?
it's not like i am going to get tired by frowning
at least we can take care of ourselves ahead of time haha.
wow you all are doing so good on spamming the other post.
when i wake up i don't always beg for more sleep. i usually just lay there and think
pretty easy for me to do
ok i'm just gonna post it again and if you don't get it someone would have it explained in the comments i'm sure  i would have put quotations but i'm just reposting what shower feelings posted
i don't blast music with other people though but i can relate seeing this happen with other people. what do you all think?
i won't be able to sleep for how much i'm thinking now, hahaha jk
what about groups of squids being called squads?
hahaha i don't blame him
what are your ideas on what it is?
i hope you did not spend that much time playing fortnite
i feel like someone is going to hack me and that feels pretty scary
but it was built by humans you could say
it does in a way
not all the time though. most of the time yes but not all of them
i wonder how many of these thoughts were thought of in the shower while thinking about thoughts while showering
so it's no one's fault?
ahahaha true. also the results for the poll came in. i'll do them separate so you guys get more excited for me to reach new milestones. i gotta figure out which reveal is at which milestone though.
i am so looking forward to not being able to sleep because of bills and stress when i'm older
ha do we have any flat earthers here? i don't believe the earth is flat
i am preparing for some debates in the comments
this happens to me sometimes. goodnight and this is more of a chill shower thought, to rest your minds of the other shower thoughts that hurt your brain today
i'm not looking forward to it
i've only ever had a sleepover at my grandma's house. before i had a phone i would just find legos or something and build if i woke up before my brother
who else looked at a word after this to see if they can't read it
not all children are honest though
but i'm only a freshman
just imagine it
you can't get any more real than that
i hope this isn't the case if you are not sick though
yeah true. maybe because the screen is larger?
omg it's the worst feeling
i wouldn't know cuz i was not able to watch spongebob as a child
what a way to end the day. makes my brain tired just thinking about this
omg i have never been so grateful
it can also be my funeral
parents can relate
never thought about it like that
who else started counting to see if this was true
oof i've never thought about it that way
have you all started school yet if you go to it?
why am i laughing at this even though it isn't that funny
i have never thought of this until now actually
where is everyone here from?
i never would think this while eating a sandwich
i hope you all can relate when googling the real shower thoughts
is it just me or does decaf coffee not make me awake?
who thinks fortnite is dead?
my mom said that she can bring snacks for everyone
my parents never showed up to my own birth
he's just vibing
my mom said it's okay just as long as i can get a ride home
biology is inferior to all other subjects
the nerve of some people
instagram is yeet
where the city sleeps and i'm the only one and i walk alone
tag yourself i'm skton
skeleton on the gelatin
that's a fish
enlist in the skeleton war
frog and cranberries it must be fall.
frog and cranberries it must be fall.
am baby straws are extra tasty with mayonnaise k
hmm yes the floor is made of floor
i would like to join this religion
aight imma head out
the beatles wilding
shrek on the cheque
it really bee that way sometimes
me during summer
i am the milkman. my milk is delicious.
the floor is made of floor
this looks better
the birds work for the bourgeoisie
it really be that way sometimes
me when me
dad jokes it its finest
cheddar snapped who picking on gerard
for legal reasons that was a joke
i see this is an absolute win!
an absolute snatch
happy canada day to my fellow canadians i see this as an absolute win
im not like other girls im just so quirky we've evolved as a species
me when me
think of him
people who are offended by this need to get a life
im just so quirky i can hear this
i look exactly like this
snatch his look
it be that way sometimes
there is no limit to how many chicken nuggets you can have. this man is just a pathetic worm
this movie was my childhood
we all know what the correct answer is
modern problems require modern solutions
australia isn't real though
i look like this
is it just me or does disney not understand don't fix what's not broken
i can still taste this
this is a win win situation
if you defeat my sons, i defeat you!
that looks fine to me
it's not wrong
i thought i had more of these saved, but apparently not. i love this format
says fight the capitalist system. revolution is imminent.
zayn malik looks just like young joseph stalin and i still don't know what to do with this information
i don't speak broke, sisters
canada? haven't heard of her
i'm sorry, i can't speak broke
that's not wrong
idk guys, i'm pretty sure this is incorrect
i got the horses in the back potassium
me when it's bedtime, so relatable omg
ya like jazz
this is cursed
everybody just have a good time
these make me uncomfortable
sounds fun let's do it
only intellectuals will understand the second post
omg im having those symptoms
lets mcfreakin lose it
i can confirm that this works
i believe i have found a blessed image
i'm a day late
i use hydrochloric acid twice a day
this is my last two brain cells trying to put together a cohesive thought
me, an intellectual: aglet
is this loss
jokes on you, i don't have any brain cells
my wig: snatched
i'm single, but happy about it
i'm a tide pod
these are the only acceptable career options, i want to be exposed to dangerous amounts of radiation
you can play on it, but only once
i love him
i'll never forget him
mamma mia does it show again my my just how much ive missed you
i guess this is how i'm spending my borthday
this is the opposite of disturbing, it's beautiful
its never too early to start screaming
taste the beach, become the beach
nah fam, i think it's a fish
i love and appreciate this possum
he's not your man. he's gaston
don't even think of proposing to me if you don't propose with this ring
"it's round now!"
it's free real estate
i want to bring back moth memes
she's cheer captain and i'm on the bleachers
the scariest threat in the universe
an absolute unit
i sang that
preposterous boast, but alas
please appreciate my fine tm censoring skills
i'm not american but please make this happen
last one isn't a vine, but still very iconic
odd flex but okay
so true, it's only snowed like twice
i love me some garlic bread
this is the ideal human body. i wish i could look like this, but i will never be fortunate enough to look like this god
jokes on you because canada isn't real. as a "canadian" i can confirm this
this was ghostwritten by shane madej and ryan bergara
they're coming for us
i too have realistic human hands
that's a pretty sick hat though
the best tip
i want a baguette
i will gladly pick a fight with a moose because i'm canadian
there goes my plans
me yesterday when i said you're welcome after some guy in my school almost bumped into me and then said sorry
someone almost bumped into me today and then he said "oh, sorry" and then i said you're welcome and i think that was my last brain cell dying
i made the last one and i've never been more disappointed in myself
edna, you have to stop
i think i've already posted the first one, but i don't care
i do this all the time
open app to die instantly
just yeet the eevie
son the someone please picknick with him
why does the dog have human legs
i got some peanuts
why is this me
i'm mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce
tag yourself i'm zeuxis
he looks like coal sprouts
i passed my permit test so now my province is in danger
oof i'm doing my permit test tomorrow
the last one is actually scary
that's benadryl coconut
peak human performance
he got the stabby stabby
what did it do
a pleasant man
with gratitude and enthusiasm
you may not like this, but this is peak human performance
happy leif erickson day
how do i acquire this texture pack
unpopular opinion but i really like oj with the pulp, it just doesn't seem right without pulp
enlist in the skeleton war
he only wanted calcium
i love her
enlist in the skeleton war
get ready to join the skeleton army
remember when i said that i'm done posting moth memes, well, jk
you might not see it yet but this is peak human performance
i'm so tired
you might not see it yet but this is peak human performance
this is a cursed post
i've never been to ikea before
a very good boy
do a big ol cronch
give him the i too enjoy the hobbies of breathing and walking with my leg
if you can't read top right, it says far farquaad
what do you mean, this is what i wear everyday? stop calling me out
fear not. the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
i'm feeling better, so i'm posting again
that's a very goodtm bun
that's me guys
he he had to do it to em
hey guys, dont actually sacrifice anyone
he gotta cronch em all
i know that the mark zuckerberg memes are dead but cute
i too enjoy human things like eating food with my mouth
no, that's gucci
i volunteer at the spca on saturdays and when i came in for my shift there was a cat named miley cyrus. i actually completely lost it, it's honestly so iconic but not as iconic when they named a rabbit fergalicious
i got that summer time summer time sadness
look at these smol babies
i was debating on whether to post this or not
when i was a young warthog, i used to watch the jonas brothers but now i can't remember a thing from that show
i trust her with my life
the buzzfeed unsolved episode on the mothman is lowkey kind of iconic
can this be deleted from the internet?
i ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
she was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb
in the shape of an "l" on her forehead
fed to the rules and i hit the ground running didn't make sense not to live for fun so much to do, so much to see so what's wrong with taking the back streets? you'll never know if you don't go you'll never shine if you don't glow hey now, you're an all star, get your game on, go play hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid and all that glitters is gold only shooting stars break the mold it's a cool place and they say it gets colder you're bundled up now, wait till you get older but the meteor men beg to differ judging by the hole in the satellite picture my world's on fire, how about yours? that's the way i like it and i never get bored hey now, you're an all star, get your game on, go play hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid all that glitters is gold only shooting stars break the mold hey now, you're an all star, get your game on, go play hey now, you're a rock star, get the show, on get paid and all that glitters is gold only shooting stars
somebody once asked could i spare some change for gas?
i need to get myself away from this place
i said yep what a concept
i could use a little fuel myself
and we could all use a little change
fed to the rules and i hit the ground running
didn't make sense not to live for fun
so much to do, so much to see
so what's wrong with taking the back streets?
you'll never shine if you don't glow
hey now, you're an all star, get your game on, go play
hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid
and all that glitters is gold
only shooting stars break the mold
and all that glitters is gold
only shooting stars break the mold
am i the only one that didn't like infinity war?
ladies, it's big boy season
i won't be posting for the next week and a half because i'm on vacation
i choose you mister mittens
is this gain?
he was a skater boy she said see you later boy he wasnt good enough for her
harry tore his eyes from his head and threw them into the forest
i'm pretty sure that that is a toad
canada is just a conspiracy made to sell wheat, as i canadian, i can confirm this
i've literally learned more from buzzfeed unsolved than school
a cursed image
me: i have to study for my driver's permit test
me: starts rereading harry potter instead
i feel attacked
i'm lawful good
unpopular opinion: p!atd and fob have hit an all time low
the purple rhombus is my man, stay away
lord farquaad was the real hero of shrek
the only man i'm interested in
the ocean can go
tag yourself, i'm thee've
i suggest listening with the volume all the way up
canada is also just a conspiracy
oui oui baguette
yeah, totally just a gift
a very good boye
this has become my screensaver
buy all of them, they're all good boyes
i have blessed your feed with this wonderful piece of art
this makes me uncomfortable
before you tell me in the comments to tag the artist, i have
i remember that, such drama
it's free real estate
to pat the moose
its wittle beans
is wikihow high?
not to be dramatic or anything, but i would die for them
it's free real estate
pigeons are terrifying
good to know
i lowkey ship this
i really need to drink more milk, i hardly ever drink it anymore
i'm more than ready
power move: "no u"
i love chemistry
it's bread crumbs
its free real estate
i'm not american, but i love the bald eagle memes
this is actually me and my sister
no language bird, dont eat the poison loaf of bread
tag yourself, i'm alice winslow
the only festival worthy of me going to
cats are too good for this world and we don't deserve them
i love croc memes
yeah men, learn to wear your joots properly. we don't need to see your soxers
check urself before you shrek urself
i love buzzfeed unsolved so much
not the cat
someone please do this, i will actually give you a cookie
i have figured out how to post videos
in a barbie world
this makes me uncomfortable
this is also a very accurate description of me
i don't wear makeup, but i would totally do this
why is this me
i wonder where the waiter hid the meal
i don't post consistently
is it bad that i'd wear all of these crocs
oof, i'm not posting consistently
this guy is actually me
this art makes me so uncomfortable
i'd totally listen to this
the only video games worthy of being played
as a girl, i can also confirm this
one time my brother complained that salt was too spicy
here enjoy these reaction pictures
don't disrespect this lovely lad
i have so many questions
honestly i'm all of them
mega wack vibes today
you better drink water or else i'm suing you all
it comfy though
julius caesar be like
here have these memes that literally made me cry of laughter
talking to people is. overrated
so like i accidentally forgot to post yesterday oops
i should really be asleep right now but i'm so full of energy but i'm super tired at the same time yknow
tag urself i'm horseless headman
ok but it's cold
i really want chicken nuggets from chickfila omg
let's get this cement bread coaster
i don't wanna go to school tomorrow it's too much for my last brain cell to handle
crunchity munchity you hear that? that's the sound of me eating a delicious yard salad
we did it boys
we said education
my friend kept making fun of me for being short this morning but at least i don't run into tree branches
i'm so uncomfortable
i'm like half asleep right now
this first meme is dedicated to my mom and brother, who both say this on a daily basis
my tooth hurts and i'm very uncomfy
frog and cranberries it must be fall.
tag urself i'm aspirin
happy raid day y'all
cute date idea joe keery's haircut makes me extremely uncomfy
jeffrey appreciation post
the last two slides are jeffrey. jeffrey is the random cat who lives in my backyard and eats bugs and yeets herself into bushes. i love jeffreyepic gamer moment when you cry bees
"i ate a table for dinner"  my brother, when i asked him to come up with a caption for me
repost bc i'm stupid
i highkey say "oof ouch the waters too hot" way too much for my own good
i accidentally forgot to post today oops
honestly what a mood
dude i highkey want this
i'm at peak discomfort right now
my mom loves walmart so this first meme is for her, ily mom
extremely disappointed in society for making it so expensive to see
honestly i feel like i would do that
my heckin childhood
my eyes hurt
i like survived the first week of school so that's good
idk about y'all but i can't braid my hair at all
my sister wants me to get tiktok but no
i guess i can steal horses now
wear heelies to escape your feelies
for some reason y'all think i'm a celebrity like what lol
strawberry kiwi is the best flavor imo
i really felt this ngl
i'm taking latin this year
caption unavailable, please try again later
i guess we'll find out today
this has a threatening aura
ok but literally me
my captions are garbage today
i quote the office too much
it's cool hat time
what a peaceful life that would be
sad skeleton hours
this is cursed
ok but real talk how does anyone see blue and black
school starts in like a week and a half and ngl i'm panicking
omg my favorite meal
i wanna run away and just live in a corn field for the rest of my life
this makes me very uncomfortable
rbirds aren't real
ok but sporks are the raddest utensil and you can't deny that
af means "as frick" here bc we keep it clean
i can't believe i've never posted this
i honestly just can't come up with a caption so
my last brain cell
my last brain cell is a fruit gusher
i sorta wanna text my number neighbors but i'm scared so no
road work ahead
tag urself i'm the dunce one
i asked my mom to help me come up with a caption for this and the caption she came up with was "frozen thoughts"
i forgot my name for a hot minute
ok but how do y'all feel about the fact that the villagers don't all look the same anymore
sounds about right
i have approximately no energy
i feel threatened
dang it lard
when i saw this i thought of that vine where it's like "on all levels except physical i am a wolf"
in honor of clown week
unpopular opinion: mashed potatoes are sorta gross
happy clown week i highkey laughed really hard at this
this radiates pure
straight up facts here
i definitely could've used this a few weeks ago
is this funny? not really. did i laugh at it way too hard? yes
can barely hold two folding chairs gang
can the birds make august go slow i don't wanna start school just yet
i was a cake making expert
be careful y'all
this is cursed
yes i know there's a swear in the username but i tried editing it out and it didn't work so sorry but the actual video is clean i promise
here have some tiktoks i laughed way too hard at
smash mouth is legendary
the biggest mood
i'm gonna see spiderman far from home today and i'm heckin psyched
ok but y'all i got jeans today that fit my entire phone in my front pockets
tag urself i'm wahoo
bees are scary ngl
my brother made this meme so you better heckin like it
what are captions
ok but mood
snakes are rad ngl
my life is a big yeet
i couldn't sleep last night so that's fun
dreamin of the day when you wake up and find that what youre lookin for its been here the whole time
we said spam
i was gonna post a meme and it was really funny but it got deleted and i didn't screenshot it before and so i'm disappointed
i need to pack but i'm procrastinating by posting memes
i wish i'd get cute texts like this
ngl this took me way too long to get
oh shoot i think i forgot my legs
me going to get the bread
i don't think anyone except a few people have seen me irl woah
i wanna sleep for a hot like five million years
tag urself i'm the one on the left
animorphs genuinely scared me ngl
thank you for sending me these lol
i literally have nothing else to post so have this frog
this what i get for keeping the same number good after
guess it's time for a different approach  good aftershnoon brethren
stand for our king  sorry i'm late  but i'm back. what i miss
word on the street is that they split due to carti taking uzi part out of "shooters" we losin too many good duos don't mind bro in the back seat  he just uhh  vibing to carti and uzi just found out carti and uzi not friends rn
the end of my thanksgiving got crazy, plus my grandma fell down some stairs let me speak
i don't see what's the problem here? i'm just vibin  good shmorning
we not goin out sad  we moving on strong
this app is really hypocritical when it comes to making a post about stereotypes, and i'm not even serious
the world ain't normal if our king future is loyal
i think i will be toxic for the rest of the night. there are some people who still believe in that nonsense that need to be taught a lesson
all them cameras, next thing you know we're gonna have a cooking stove on the back of our phones
i feel like he's just trying to be a good father but he odeeing to the max
shout out yachty but this ain't a lil boat
future is an influential speaker and he knows it
regardless of what this app is becoming i still want to live up to my word. my plans are still in motion
i don't believe every girl is like this that's looking for a guy and i don't believe that every guy is like this that's looking for a girl. it's just parts of the world that are filled with a fog that people have lost themselves looking for a way out
idk about y'all but i'm not a party person. i'd rather be in cancun laid back either alone or with someone.
"she belongs to the streets"
i was a huge lebron fan as a kid when he was with miami. now that he switched teams, it's exposed a lot of team bandwagons  good shmorning  the chicken came back
"act up" by city girls was playing in her head after he said that
either he's faking his delusional side by thinking he's the best at everything or he really is. nobody misses a shot inside a building and says "it too windy in here"  good shmorning
stormi can't compete with carti in the baby talk rap game. she way out of his league. the same era as young thug and rich homie quan, as well as bobby shmurda and his hat future once said "monday morning she yours. this weekend, i love her" mans is the definition of corruption
i'm under surveillance for this post right here
i know y'all seen that video of him freestyling
"oh and by the way, i'm not a scorpio"
my middle school substitute teacher cried because no one listened to her  good aftershnoon "can you slow it down a little bit"
i can already feel the toxic minds and anxiety building up
i'm blocking the next person to copy and paste my tweet  good shmorning
you don't deserve dating rights after that for a year  good shmorning
what did y'all think of "highest in the room"? i've been a big travis fan since days before rodeo. to me, it's aight
i don't care what anyone says, dababy still go hard
good shmorning go hard  or go home
just tryna be an icon and a role model to these badly influenced children so they can become wholesome again
you gon get it right this time, stick to the program
i've decided to postpone this meme game and become a full time criminal. the streets need to be torn apart
her sword had a blade on both sides
kobe want his daughter to play on an nba level
spotlight uh  moonlight
baby is a criminal her mood's right
i just wanted to see what the fuss was about imagine thinking that i would quit making memes nice knowing you guys
what if nicki minaj said she was retiring just to see how people would react
you knew it was coming
i'm sorry, but i love this video
him: "hey, do you want to go some where this weekend, i got something planned and i was wondering if you wanna go?" her: "oh"
the rich should give back to the homeless
remember when austin made demi lovato deactivate her account?
y'all always want the cheese but forget about the trap
imagine having a girl friend  good shmorning
what y'all been up to all day?
good shmorning . i'm sorry but i feel like these breaking news reports are just to sca
i don't believe in race. that's what started the problems we have today. after all it's just a facade for what's really going on wi
i'm feeling like a criminal today  good shmorning
instagram explore page is about to be filled with endless cooking tutorials
give him a studio asap no rocky
this commercial would hit different when your favorite tv show was on
y'all ready to turn up for
you can't claim what you believe in if you slander your creators name.
funny thing, i've slipped up and said this once thy streets hath finisheth
good shmorning, just a little throw back
lemme find out this game come out we back with it  good aftershnoon
if you don't wanna hang just say so
viacom type beat
"wes must be high making all of these memes he comes up with" no
spider man: far from home coming out soon shaunna we were supposed to have fun at the mall
aye we lit yessir no question
a nice "i'll talk to you later would be nice" there are rumors about me saying that i forgotten about brethren. who said we left
"you can blink, you can breathe, you can cry"
i've made attempts to be friends with some real popular people but it seems all they care about is looks and money
good shmorning i got some antique gems on my arsenal
"one to go"
excuse me for being childish
those same children are the ones who commit crimes and get arrested for felonies today
good shmorning  if you're still in school by the end of june, i've lost hope for your freedom
you got some nerve
i can't stand iphone autocorrect
good shmorning  i've been up for too long
i got em in my sights, and the movie not over
had to bring this gem back
it don't matter how fast or slow i'm walking. my toes end up out if place when they come in contact with a furniture
"aye bro she said she wanna talk to you"
i swear that be the worst feeling ever. "who drank my apple juice!?"
bro i'm in the uber, it smells like cigs all over
i don't wanna knock down the upcoming rappers, but try something that a new famous rapper wouldn't do
good shmorning  i just knew it was gonna be a bop
"brother" is a strong word don't tell anybody who you're talking to until your official. you may last longer than you expected
kodak must have a jacuzzi in prison he can't get enough of it
i almost forgot to say happy mother's day to all of the mothers out there
y'all not gonna cap to me and say this wasn't what happened in the locker rooms
he's not me so i'm not worried about em somebody say the wrong thing and he gonna launch a moon at the audience
it's time for you all to stop caring about who doesn't like you. you should be worried about changing the results of your physical appearance and your personality so that the outcome will be different.
thank you spoilers, very cool
complain over what!? i just realized that soulja boy was in that video
i'm finally here  what did i miss
a lot of you seen it but i still feel that a few of you would understand which part
now you gotta go back and do school work
don't tell me how you act, it just shows that's not really you.
they the real snipers on social media
and your child hood still stinks is that potato salad i wish cartoon network would play reruns of old shows in the morning instead of whats new scooby doo
good morning brethren  happy lie day
y'all hear sumn? half of you didn't have a good childhood growing up and it shows
blake griffin looking mad suspect rn
everyone in on twitter that got viral:
"i'm not looking for a relationship right now"? haven't heard that statement in years i know y'all probably get tired of the "nobody" memes by now
i didn't mean to shoot em, he just caught me by surprise who y'all think is the most overrated player?
the definition of accuracy
wake up in the morning i got brethren on my mind
i never owned the game, but i witnessed the inner demon arise from people's bodies when they played it
i'm not sad, just out of curiosity i wanna know how the world got so dark?
get out yo feelings and turn into r kelly
good morning brethren  forget valentine's day, this is worse than this day itself
i don't like making spongebob memes but i just wanted to share some factual information with you all
sakura was high key hating on him the most
remember when brittney brittney used cosmo from fairly odd parents' body to get the soap from her eyes?
put that on everything we'll see who's the better rapper
good morning brethren
drakes goons really tryna get that video taken down
this was made by someone else a long time ago but i just thought it was funny
good afternoon brethren  how are we today?
good morning brethren  haven't been feeling well but we'll push forward
good morning brethren  it is almost time to take action for the wave
nostalgia at its finest
good afternoon brethren
good morning, it back don't say
what episode is this
fruit roll ups
i love history facts
zach harris and garrett willis are legends for this one
safe travels this holiday fellas. try to just sit back and relax
why are all of these places closed. so stupid
why give them money for being good and smart? give me the money for being bad and dumb
something has to be done
how did you let this happen capn
poor guy was just born in the wrong era
"my legs aren't even cold" he says
my friend said this is the best joke i ever made
caesar became a dictator and brutus did the hardest thing, kill his best friend, for the good of the republic
wonder what this kid is up to now
a smart one
there's no time to explain
happy halloween y'all
what do you guys think
my grandpa is balled pass it on
i thought he played beautifully
be careful with this one
what a joke
just realized i misspelled "employee" on this one, i'm irate
go ahead, try me
what is going on
ready to have your mind exploded by big facts?
god frowns at this man
everything is normal and fine
good morning say it back
the hogs are back
stay safe y'all
what's that a boot
unpopular opinion that should be more popular. roy said pam's art was "the best art, of all the art"
so a squirrel broke into my office today
also i don't proofread! clearly!
what a fantastic person. love the way his brain works
thirsty thursday let's have a hell gulp
good morning say it back
we're not even done yet folks
yesterday, one brave man asked what he should do in case a hoard a wild pigs attacked his children. here are all the memes i made in response
wild boar is no joke
this guy gets it
sounds horrible, sorry frank
circus clowns, all of you
mario you've got some wacky ideas but i'm gonna ride this one out with you
bernie would not stop yelling tonight lol
scooby doobie doo
come on lion for real we don't have time for this
thank you for your cooperation
my stupid tweet made it onto cnn lol
or a pcp moose
it's chef boyardee
will really loved that game huh
this badass mf
why didn't i do this yesterday
you guys watch the debates? who's your candidate
whoa! this post is at an angle slightly! how do you like that shit. the things i do for you guys, my fans
genius level government
here today, gone tomato
try a little sensitivity jerry
please, help my lil dog
a beautiful story as old as time
are ye fookin kiddin meh
dude kawhi dm'd me lmao
are you serious
galaxy brain language
tgif say it back
i got the horsnes in the back
i cropped this post into the top left corner for you guys! lots of white space below and some to the right. anything for my fans! enjoy!
take me for a ride excederin
most guys are this guy
here's  the motherfuckin  tea
i'm so sorry everyone
excellent street name man
it's a tough world out here for us, the hots
this is an insane fact
lillard is magic
conspiracy time. dinosaurs are literally not real
what's up thrones fans
me: babe we just went over this
shaquille oatmeal spread the word
hell of a weekend
get it together doctor people are dying
seems pretty big to me
pretty good episode huh thrones fans
fine i'll repost it
this one has a lot of white space on top just for fun. just for you guys! i did it for the fans! enjoy
now watch them take my idea for the movie
hit the whoa johnny
then it runs real fast even though no one expects it to
wow this is deep
the name is joseph quickdraw biden
the president is the biggest troll on the inter net
someone hung my tweet up in an er lol
hmm tough would you rather
i know it still says bottom text. i wanted to dlete that part but stupid memetemplates dot com wouldn't let me
good morning say it back so i can lagh
a love story
it's day ta fight me
god had to nerf me
you don't no
do not google search this or you'll be arrested
just put some ranch on a house salad honestly who needs a bunch of fancy sauce
never knew this before
i didn't watermark this one but if you steal it, god will know
relax delta jesus christ
actually that's a pretty fair thing to be upset about
also if you double dribble you get no points and they take the ball away. wtf the fuck
cannot believe swae dm'd me over this lol
this one hurt
what am i supposed to do dog
this is exactly how it is for real lol
holy shit homegoods got those deals
go ahead, adopt the blood thirsty monster i'm sure it'll be fine
pick a side
the hells wrong with you
thank you for taking the time to read this lol
i can't breathe from laughin too hard
i'm grieving okay i don't have time to think about the correct grammatical phraseology barbara
i literally have nightmares about this
employee of the month
how do you come back from this
just brands being brands
meme based on my friend icedoutomnitrix tweet
why did the
where am i
tag someone once you get it
who told michael jackson to dress like this
little history lesson for y'all
this cannot be true
i cannot believe this
this is unbelievable
long post but it's worth it to have your brain exploded by my big facts
mom, relax, i'm fine
yeah what about people like me
you shouldn't have to apologize for sneezing on someone. it's natural
frickin clarinet players can go too
who's rude and annoying now
why do they do this
a very good and cool meme by me
my favorite moment in twitter history: dril declared it a "hell hour" without explaining what that meant and then blocked his most loyal fans lol
happy st patricks day should i start selling these
saying some nonsense, quick way to make me leave the group chat
look what my grandma got me
this is just childish joe
want to watch my chicken eat out of my hand in slow mo
how could you let this happen cap'n
i'm a real boy
thank you mark, very cool!
lol i didn't mean hurt me like that
today i am founding the memers against marihuana club. comment mam to join
we live in a society
good morning say it back
last thanksgiving post
happy thanksgiving lonely hearts
tag yourself i'm me
elon musk fans truly are the dumbest among us
tag a friend to curse them
let's get started bringing it back, go ahead and drop it in the comments
do not disobey him
mark zuckerberg is not a human being
a good tweet by me
we're being unplaneted
this is it chief
we can not allow global warming to take our beer
when people are roasting me
cannot believe the hypocrisy of these actors
prepare to be destroyed. all of you
what does this even mean
if they fill my phone up with a buncha luke brian or some shit imma flip
and many years after lol
i'd fire me too
wow this is too far
cannot believe this happened
perfect now just imagine the people in the picture are ducks. except the waiter he can stay a person it doesn't matter
this is how you do it bois
watch me destroy jimothy johnathan
you can't argue with facts like this
lil xanapoleon dynamite
just kidding i know all the politics
wow this is an insane fact
this not a very suite life margeret
every night i pray to god i don't get shot by the lego man
where's the lie
small sliver for sleep
hey guys comment your favorite emoji and the winner will get a ham sent to them via usps. don't forget to like and subscribe
this is actually what happened
this is bullbaloney valerie
i'm always prepared in case i get lucky
the moon landing was fake
big facts, comment "w" if you were not ready for these big facts
and y'all wonder why white folks can't dance
children need these life lessons early
this new album is fire
thank you steve for all that you do
this happens every day on twitter
that will never happen
how to load a cow
how to avoid the chair
allegiant airlines is dope
amazing fact and true meme
figure it out and get back to me margeret
left on read should be illegal in every state
someone explain how you would listen to that on your wedding night
checkmate stupid hippies
babe you don't understand, i need that
what is this
the alliance we all deserve
lol don't get mad
free my mans
excellent lawyer destroys own case
this cannot be true
sick of the appropriation
i'm making memes when i'm supposed to be studying, comment something to motivate or inspire me
we have to call a truce this week. please
kanye sent me this on twitter lmao
case closed thanks to this good boy
a little bit of you makes me your man
listen dinesh i'm really overwhelmed right now
you'll never see one of these in real life
zuckerburg, he's just like one of us!
"i have patient"
that's right, my jokes are so good i don't even need to fucking finish them
get ready nerds
don't ever forget it
it just doesn't add up
best group ever
i feel ya bobby
you will not disrespect gucci mane like that in my presence you little twerp
give her the zucc
who in the hell
don't do it
good morning no one else will tell you this but you deserve to know lol
don't do it johnny
that's one way to wake up
fortnite bush gang for life
looks accurate to me
the moon landing was fake y'all
brown bear? false.
it's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality
someone explain this please
erotic and nostalgic
your mcm in the middle
his palms are sweaty, tac shotty armed and ready
every time you guys get mad it just encourages me to make more lol
roy is pams true soulmate
trust me this will be more fun
crazy to think about
she left me
go my dude go
be like samurai jack
roy was the actual hero of the office
this meme is a war crime
this cannot be real
just happy i was here to help
i'm hi from smoking we'd
the only thing we're allowed to be bigoted about
probably a factor
tied pods lol
only healthy shit this whole year babey
what the fuck
this is actually how it works
damn it look who tweeted from my account today
i will falcon punch you into the last decade
who else watchin this game
friends don't let friends be fuckin guys. i didn't watermark this but i did make it up
thanks man but did i fricken ask
i appreciate it but you have to stop, please my family is dying
oh shit zuckerburgs circuit board is malfunctioning
choose your fighter
ugh so pist of rn
a play in six acts
oh here's a tough question, not. its roy
what is my mans lookin at
tag someone that needs to hear this
i can hear her through the screen
classic by me
why who's asking
i love smash mouth
i'll snitch during any season i don't care
you know i had to jingle on em
i feel ya bobby
mc tarmac on the mic
me and my grandma take meds
this is the only thing we should be talking about today
why bitch? wanna hear me swear some more?
they need to make this
they need to make this
oh my god how many of these are going to come out
furious every time i think of it
cannot believe this
do i have to literally say "when"
you just crossed the fuckin line
im makin waffles
i'm putin my trust in you vlad
nachos mother fucker
this is me any time im bad at something
son of a
im gonna snitch i don't care
i feel like this happens all the time
yo hmu if you need. hit my burner phone. no cops
this is just plain true
im sorry but i won't be bullied into silence
lotta y'all need to hear this after last night
cut the music, everybody look at me
im good at rhyming
this dude microwaved styrofoam and died. play it smart out there people
some headass just tweeted this at me
fuck it that's his girl meow
this is nuts
girl idfk for real
i can ask you in all kinds of languages baby
who y'all got
cool man and soccer has running in it but cristiano ronaldo knows better than to challenge usain bolt to a race
you're all doofuses
it's a pretty tough call between these two masters
and people are telling me i have a "raccoon eyes" tan
burned eye now what
come on man
dare you kim dong
this has been me all day
but yes, im often intoxicated in public
the judge said you have to get the fuck out man
why google tellin me to explain something to it
i love my curvy wife
nobody make fun of my drink order
but really, how
hey thanks guys
good guy jimmy
this is from the official totinos account
wow that is dirty
why does this happen to me
aww poor kay
hey thanks doctor genius can we talk about literally anything else
lmao gramma u dumbass
sweet dreams my dude
im sending the cops right now lady hold tight
thanks and hurry back with that order im starving
i got it teach
laura are you sure that's how that works
damn it. alright ladies you're free to go, have a nice day
wait say how tall you are again
damn ok my bad have a good day sir
this cannot be true
wow spongebob usurped the squarepants name from its rightful owner: doodlebob
the zuck is in trouble here
babe can you stop
hell yeah let's get juice
okay, you have one wish left
you can't fire me i quit
really puts things in perspective
fuckin guy has the best jokes
oh hell yeah prison is lit
dumb girl leave me alone with mr quackers
tag someone that would get on jeopardy and say some shit like this lol
there's no more string theory either. there is only the spinner theory now
stupid smart friends
ur under arrest stoner
my son has the best name
sorry cali bros
just think about it babey
just knock me out fam. or the baby that's cool too
she could've saved that man
it's a win win
it's a compliment for real
she was lookin kinda dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an l on her forehead
please answer im really curious
what a master
yah dispatch this girl lost her friend or somethin
i'll do what i want with my food damn it
now go to your room
how are you gonna make money with that?
truest meme ever posted
no way i could've written that boss man
just wait til he starts robin the bases
pluto should still be a planet. i even think the moon should be a planet
why do these go together perfectly
just answer the damn question pamela
it's just a pun i know my rights
that's really sweet your honor
biden strikes again
can't unsee this
selling things on craigslist
that's it im jumping
these are wild times
not long caterpillar sorry
wait no, ask me again
nobody better criticize this art
if u call me prepare to get roasted
odio cuando me pasa
no digas nada, solo dale a laik
dang science has come pretty far
me when i have a kid
that is a fact  i done did that in a washroom once no cap
dude didn't get mad, he just questioned his entire life choices
dunno what it is, but i'm just there
ok i'm coming
he got a fire mixtape coming soon
first things first rest in peace uncle phil
on god  ionno what these mfs talm bout they on that goo goo shii had me out like a light
what going on here bruh
interesting so we lost but that's cool cause you guys are the best community, i appreciate all of you
a aa a
you know what
he slick with it
yo who made this
we're in boys
who made this
for the people wondering why robert is light skinned in my merch, it's biracial robert
discord gang wya
also more memes on the story
im coming baby
pickup the got damn phone im tryna speak to u baby
i'll make the iphone version cause i know android mfs get sensitive a lil
shit kinda scary out here mane
ok chill bro
what are they doin up there what are they scheming how are they standing how are they standing
well no point in staying public now that a post been taken down  engagement is fucked
what a shit show
straight up a vibe check
the new joker movie was actually good, this is how he became the joker
straight up new tactics
fuck it we public for october, enjoy
tag someone who would be his best friend ok mom
is this how the game goes android fellas?
free my guy  he ain't deserve it
why he crying ?
bro this crocodile messed up my order
what'd he say?
keep em coming
bruh that one dude when u play dodgeball that completely wrecks every single bone in your body with one swing
if i ain't seeing it happen it ain't true
feel like this video came from an alternate dimension
extra memes on tha story
someone on the live said i look like terry crews  what ya think
race cars kinda boring ngl
w, gif me monee
dudes just spinning
it's art trust me bro trust me bro
alright who am i gonna catch not drinking water
things just don't seem right
trust me they're real
yo the outside world kinda scary
what's her name?
bosnia bosnia bosni bossu
hold on now
this made me laugh ionno why
i mffn stan arianna
wah wah wah bitch i'm lil baby
man sometimes i feel like barbers be kinda ruff on me sometimes
start an argument real quick in the comments
slide thru enjoy, bass kinda hard
hold on now
oh boy oh boy
hold on now ted
day really busy sorry for the lack of memes
undertaker will eyeroll more times than your girl will ever
this is actually real apparently
man let him watch some hulu
they really be like that
casper stans wya
gotta reupload buff baby prequel later copyright took it down
just watched the second it movie, the fucking meme formats that's gonna come out that movie is juicy
free bobby shmurda
call me thou queen penelope
anybody gon tell him?
alright  don't lie now
wait what  ok who made this
yo what happened to ricegum
imagine having this dog shit internet
hold the door he rollin oh he rollin
damn just imagine a world where fans can vertically oscillate, that would help the miserable situation he's in where he cannot express how much he loves lamp
wow you really think you know a guy
it's time baby
fucked a bitch up like a beyblade
yo and he looking kinda fresh doe
yo who does this
shrek out here no cap
yo wtf why does cj play minecraft?!?
bruh on god
yo who's doing this
come on mane
aight bout to head out then check the story
ay man wanted some obsidian
you already know, extra memes on the story check em out
yall been drinking water?
ay that's just game over
they tryna be crate
you guys like my new wallpaper?
chill out homie
she'd just look confused af
consistency is key
i used to be terrified of rock climbing as a kid
truth be told
lol this hits different
yo what's his last name?
i've prolly killed a couple miis from that
if you know you know
lmfao shit i'd actually do
remember to drink water
you do be lookin kinda fresh doe
sorry i had to how were your days today
ay someone give him a lemon
hey i found this cool lego set online, where can i find it?
world works in circles huh?
okay hold on lemme try
waiting for the parking test to start
a minecraft server will be open to everyone soon who's excited
playin some minecraft rn
high iq meme
you all look like snacks don't worry bout it
truth, every one of you need some sleep
lmfao this edit
damn they always bounce on the bed, what does that mean?
we had some good times with skype ngl
enjoy a wholesome post real quick
cups of the rose
everybody gangsta till
many of you guys are asking for a summary of what happened, so i summarised it
proud of this one c
mff morse code and shit
ay wtf  aussies this tru?
you ever think that at some point you swore at your cat's entire ancestors or some shit
yo get the lotion ready real quick
hol up come on man
catch me changing my name and telling people to call me bruh
damn you really could say anything that seems cute to a gal and they'll get all blushy and shiet
hol up pause
wanna know why? because you're the best thing that ever happened to me
pick your head up kings, your diamond helmet is falling
it's party time what ya think
fuck bro no. no no
who else comin
ay who tryna sleep next to me
what the hells going on here
if you think about it, this is a very valid argument
is this possible?
sometimes you gotta get that free sesh
stop throwing plastic in the oceans
hol up god damn
ay you got anyone in mind
good bye gravity .
you know we ain't playin around, quite factual
true homie love
some words of inspiration for you
fax or fiction
us dudes we really out here
how people predict the future is beyond me
hol up pause spider man
fax or fiction
you guys got it?
happy day of birth young yellow sponge
cups of the rose
how it be
they be like that sometimes
bob ross and minecraft? alright now that's perfection
good afternoon fellas
high key miss filthy frank
damn what a king
good afternoon fellas
there we go, that's better
i can hear this photo
we playing onopoly rn
to the dumbasses that don't know what a video downloader app is
bro he ballin
we need to ask these real questions people
price actually gives you kfc in the ending
just some scratches
he talked too loud
mason a pimp bro
ok but facts
do the swag bro
if you know you know
this hit deep
how much doe
la noire is a crazy underrated game
you can ask now
what do y'all do
my ear has been clogged since last night
this account will just become impact font
of course it is
it really do be like that
we let him down
bruh we just need some fresh air
a lot of you are too young to know this map and it shows
me and the gang
this week i have just been so bored with everything i do
i feel bad for people who are lactose intolerant
what you think
breathing be like
only real ones know what this mii is from
dorian be out here
oops forgot to post
which one he's coming
oh god someone help him
happy friday boys
i don't post videos anymore
i mean he ain't wrong
don't you dare ask
late post my bad
drink plane drink plane
spruce ain't no question
here you go sir
should we oman
ultimate crossover of memes
tell em susie
yeah i love metal bro
side effects include: depression
after not playing call of duty for over a year then coming back to it it really makes me realize how much i actually like call of duty
make me laugh
he about to get it
which one you taking
it got me
yeah it be like that
i used to not be able to tell the difference between british and australian accents
what do y'all think it means
it works do it
them fucking rats
if you don't know your sponges quotes wyd
the triangle requires extraordinary amounts of skill
guys i can't remember
only intellectuals did this like myself
fucking fortnite guy
the only real friends i have
wait hold up
get the strap
yo this is wild
what y'all think about the new whip?
i can hear everything in this pic
this is actually kinda cool
i don't understand why everybody just does this
definitely a bruhmius momentium
you know what the fuck going on
the most anticipated sequel
oh shit a rat
you heard the man
y'all ever buy a target ball just to flex
if you come to my wedding without that shirt gtfo
this is a bird
the cello is my favorite wind instrument
only if you want
pvz the shit
john marston is an enderman since he dies right away when he touches water
man i really wish i was good with captions
fucking creeper garfield
fuck it, late night post
old but idc
no it's frick
he fucking dead
god i'm tired
heat heat heat
is it just me or did april go by super fucking fast like wasn't it march like a week ago
chocolate rocks go fucking hard bruh
damn in the lava too
a fucking indeed
how dare you be late
forgot to post
i slept late as fuck
canned white noise
what is that
old school shit
i feel like i'm the only one who didn't really like jimmy neutron
come get your fucking buckets
literally everyone at my lunch table
funny how i read that in his voice
fuck a snitch
shrimp on a leaf
he is there
don't let this meme die
kids today ain't even old enough to remember
my favorite event in history
fuck it, pig on the roof.
fuck that crust gang gang
a helpful chart
y'all fucking with the fit?
if this ain't the truest thing
fucking chest golem
just in time
instagram make up your mind am i allowed to post or not
holy mother of christ i can post
i don't floss
weak boned mother fuckers
jupiter the homie
who's disliking his videos
woke up late cause no school
that's og og
garfield phone garfield phone
slice of cheese
true battle royale
up is underrated
i've wondered the same thing
the sight of it just makes me sick
especially when it's the hw and you just wanna finish
gods played first in math
this is a fucking warning
minecraft bush minecraft bush
instagram deleted my post when it was clearly fine ok cool
hey hey i'm sick that's always cool
shrek got that drip
i gotta go with the fire ones
eggs are good
breaking: apple announces new emojis
damn it be like that
on cod bruh
sliding bird sliding bird
pull up on your block then i bleed it
the best network
best nwa album
quaker oats man
let's try this again
that's how mafia works
the ultimate crossover
there he is
i wanted to post this on new years day but instagram is a unepic loser
still can only post videos
i can only post videos
adventure sandwich time
the iconic trio
like a boss
i thought this was fake at first but it's real
i witnessed history
somebody stop him
don't let him find them
don't say it
this is how i do it
goddamnit not again
i mean he ain't wrong
black candice black candice
i played both what about y'all
my favorite band
damn supreme patty back at it again
candy corn is fucking nasty
i will post this meme until it dies
thanks for the advice sonic
forgot to post again goddamnit
how to get a gf:
fruit salad yummy yummy
get your own antimemememeclub hoodie!
this goes deep
comment your number?
this accurate af
just let me be
comment when done
why are you running
is this a fact ?
i got a cold already ' not even winter yet class rooms be brick af hurry up november
ah got em
nickelodeon really went there
get paid for walking !
i just look at it and gain weight
which one taste better?
i miss you lol
do you see it?
what yaw think
hook me up
who is this?
should try this next time
heck yea lol.
my eyes deceived me
thats what he wanted
they forgot one
thats how it be
very creative lol
she got my back
drop your recent emoji if you saw this on the explore page
last one is me
what yaw think?
does it make sense
cant be the camera
who did this?
chanel on a budget lol
who knows where this is from?
you member you know
can anyone relate?
what do you think?
here is a meme for those of yaw still awake
what do you guys think?
awesome power couple
what year were you born?
me at prom lol
do you have a dog?
props for creativity lol
tag your squad.
where can i get a friend like this?
big softie lol
who do you have in mind? tag em
wanted to share this with yaw lol
here is a late night post
well damm lmao
lmao dont fuck with them
the teacher lmao
free him lol
you already know lmao
why she sound like that
instagram deleted my last post. fuck them
us texans claim him
happy early thanksgiving from edgar
old town road
you know they from maine
fuck them i feel bad for the fish
hey i'm back
this isn't even real i haven't taken a nap in two years
i would die for biggie cheese.
thank you mom very nice
ya been naed
it was a nice dinner other than that.
hey mom we're heading to the shed to do some ketamine brb
what an impressive brunch menu
hey mom can you please drive faster
yeah but only i'm allowed to do that
just trying to pickup the pieces of my life
just enjoying the world
woah i did it
existing? in this economy?
relax debbie, i'm making eyes at the dog, not you.
thank you grandpa
where do i plug this book in at?
glonk it up everyone
rest well meme cat
what brand of dog is that
mom please don't text me from beyond the grave
if i were ever an uber driver i'd only let people get into my car this way
you've been bojacked
hamborger help me
he was a skater boi she said i'll exterminate ya later boi
please reply i want to kermit myself to you
roll 'em up and slosh 'em around for warmth
thanks for the oxygen
this meme has been brought to you on behalf of the lint roller industry.
personally yes i remembers egg
woah, it's really him
imagine a world where you could only take selfies using the target checkout camera
we should just eat the straws before the turtles do?
we got this
just my luck
how did it end up like this
totally worth it to keep the restless leg syndrome away
that's it, i want to be put up for adoption
my favorite i you expect me you to respect me you.
i will absolutely risk my life to fix this.
yeah baby i want you to screw me under the couches and on the rugs
i'm really hoping the quaker man doesn't fight back.
i can be your angle or yuor debil
i'll be okay coffee has water in it
it's illegal to reply to this post with "to love" i'm sorry
hoprom elan esstic
damn i wish i was living laughing and loving right now
sleep isn't even real
really makes you think
who wants to see how high i can jump?
i'm sorry for this personal attack on all of you.
literally you is the because
croc and roll baby
please respect my timelines privacy and leave my grandkids alone
it'll go away on it's own in two months.
destination: my bed
very spicy which one are you doing right now?
why am i?
it's probably the fluoride in the water.
i hope you find your car person
hold up, where did summer go?
don't worry, it's a sativa.
rise and grind, i'm the mouse
okay i'll buzz you up
woah not cool
thank you, you too
chernobyl isn't even dangerous, that's just what big oil wants you to think
imagine drinking pepsi raw
let's do this
literally huge if true
body once told me
sorry to disappoint you again
black mirror is wild
wait what was your name again? doniel? chadam? danold?
i bet he wishes he could though
thank you check and balances
huge if true
they're happily married now.
it looks like i have hiv or kennel cough.
someone tell me what a white claw tastes like, i haven't drank in over a year and a half.
sorry bro i only use winamp, they have the coolest skins.
what the hell
what an honor
that's the way she goes
hey little dude help me with my insurance rates
i don't know why i don't wear this anymore
it's what your parents and the government don't want you to know
just play forensic files on an endless loop, please.
i'll take one of the books that comes with rocks and the book that comes with the magic trick. thanks.
i know you haven't finished your story but that reminds me of the time that i did the same exact thing with an entirely different ending.
birds aren't real.
i'll move the chairs
see? that's what happens.
definitely going right to sleep goodnight
go on without me, i'm not gonna make it.
yeah you're okay and all but we are going to go with the rat.
i think they're both beautiful.
the earliest bird is now competing with the loudest bird.
i would die for you, crab raccoon.
have a nice day
it's why i give my dog a coffee every morning.
lol at one classic meme and call me in the morning.
what part of weighing things with stones don't you understand?
i was conceived in an applebee's
i see you, papa john.
can someone confirm?
to be fair, you have to have a very high iq to cook your pizza rolls in the oven.
just clean up after yourselves and we'll be fine.
sir this is a bus
looks like we have an acute case of vehicular child homicide.
sir i'm sorry but we're suspending your license for being annoying
looks more like a split to me.
me: no i'm really busy i'm sorry i have to go somewhere i promise i'm not a bad person please don't judge me
just do the math, doc.
all orchestrated by the big national face paint companies
everything is fine
me: woah there microwave
damn, the dragon moved away for college?
nice share moms very cool for my next trick watch me eat when i'm not hungry
personally i don't think pan and jom were a good match.
alright i'm boutta head out
this could be us but my hands aren't big enough.
the stones are just fleas.
fun fact: cops are actually born with those glasses on.
looks like he is everyone's grandfather
if it's on the history channel it has to be true
i can only assume google maps thinks i'm quarter automobile.
why is a robot deciding whether or not i'm a robot?
just kidding friend
the one day a year i can post this.
bing bong ben better be safe
our millennial hero
maybe try finding a hobby first
one day i'll be a perfect little soup boy
thank you me
just let me charge my phone first
sorry black hole i've just been busy
nice looking hole
this version of jurassic park is much spookier
they still make books?
i think i'll stay in chicago thank you though
looks nice to me
i don't know it still looks real to me
my plans for the weekend are to watch this video two thousand times.
when you use hand sanitizer on your hands but they still feel gritty
maybe next thursday?
is this keto
you said it different the second time, didn't you?
crop it like it's hot
pardon me my good sir
sholder er ser sould
i got my first dog last week, that means i'm allowed to post dog memes now.
pretty sure it's called old timers
we might want to die but at least we killed k mart and applebee's in the process.
shoot your shot, king
jessica: take the children but leave my wine hot take: if i had rich parents i'd do the same thing
can i offer you a nice egg in this trying time?
good thing i'm paying for spotify premium
someone get me down from here
i'm too ripped for this
maybe i'll sleep in the shower tonight.
calling all typography nerds
just think about all the spider eyes that have been inside your mouth.
no not that one, i'm wearing that one tomorrow
whenever chase texts me my balance
sorry to hear about your family but it's your shot
lemin and line sodas
free buzz, nice.
circle takes the square
i'd rather hear about your horses muffler than a cars.
i wish this would happen to my entire body.
pls need walmar brad
i don't remember installing the amazon subconscious plugin.
yeah i know what i said, food me mouth my dude.
i'm not worthy
he doesn't seem like the sharpest tool in the shed.
glock and roll
apollo is very well respected in his field.
they should make a new rambo where he goes back to vietnam and apologizes
you played yourself
thank you night water
not this again
alabama doesn't sound like that sweet of a home.
facebook moms rise up
maybe i should bite it open
no i don't need a bag, i'm going to eat it all in the parking lot.
can't wait for these to go up in my neighborhood.
i have no idea how any of you made it this long.
why is a robot the one deciding who is and isn't a robot? remember to get your kid from a shelter and never a breeder
hang in there little dude
immediately after this he proposes and they live laugh love forever together.
alright we're going to target
who's mans is this?
life hack: get a straw long enough to go directly into your stomach
i wish terry crews was my dad
hey! i'm walkin' over here!
wait how are they living without me though? weird flex but okay
buckle up dreams, i'm coming back
ground this child
i'm not a sad boy i just play one on instagram.
stay fresh, cheese bags.
i'd really just like to thank god for surgically removing all of those undigested gummi bears from my gut.
don't forget to drink your kombucha in the afterlife, clover jane.
mr. mucus! let me get your autograph!
can anyone else hear it?
weird flex but okay my baby's dead
okay i'll be available again on thursday
uh yeah they're deleted
mini dirt apples.
alright move it along cark
i'll just have the sprite thanks
hey make that two
don't go chasing waterfalls.
me home sick from work all day half conscious and all goofed up on edibles trying to figure out who is a lizard person
looks like i gotta go, cilantro.
it was the little bother, yeah? the dad? natural causes?
mama i'm tired
type bro negative
yo turn it up
now that's what i'm talking about.
pretty sure they're the same person
yes i know i'm an adult and don't even live here
thank you nathan fielder, very cool!
me listening to rap music in the shower
maybe don't talk about them that way, they mean well, maybe they're having a hard time
are you sure though
i call my roommate my parents
indica or rativa?
you want a shot of rumpleminze?
you seem like a good boy but you can only have one of my bones
check it out, i'm washing my underwear in the sink.
fuck this is good
nope it's actually called employment
without you i wouldn't know how to do anything.
thanks for looking out dude, i have so much to tell you when you come back.
i'm gonna look again though
if stephen o. jacqueass can do it so can you.
she goes to another school though
why is there so much junk falling from the sky in russia?
please mind your own business, kris
happy new year
maybe only eat half of the gazelle
alright i'm ready to hang out now
just had to give it to 'em
i'm feelin' it.
maybe next year
too spooky for me, sorry
name one good karen, you can't.
i just want them to be happy
hi hi hi hi
i feel personally attacked by all of these sharks.
woah dude has a point
i bet you feel real dumb
nope sorry i haven't seen them
woah what a bad cat
looks like i came to the right place
how can something be so accurate
not fair! i was right about to die!
i shouldn't have eaten all of those edibles
see? we have a lot in common
is this avant garde?
uh you better get that fish back in the water, it can't breath.
what a weird episode
that's one scary looking dog
thanks for asking
i'd ask him to take me to wherever he is from.
huge if true
i've earned that taco bell.
honestly i'm an opossum in most places
you heard me correctly, six quesadillas.
maybe if i like one of the photos they'll know
five stars rise and grind let's live like this forever
check and mate.
if you can't read this you're immune to dangerous lettuces
rise and grind let's get that will to live
just show them this meme and they should let you go about your day unmugged
rise and grind let's get that darwinism
rise and grind let's get those ants
oh you already left? oh cool, can't wait to meet your baby
you should be ashamed of yourselves
technically i'm in a common law marriage with debt
damn, romaine claims another victim.
i love you biggie cheese
those are actually his granddaughters
how much for moon rocks though
huge if true
i've been waiting all year for this.
goblin of the year duties
damn that's crazy
i wouldn't want it any other way though
i'm back bitches
what the heck brain
what do now?
"yeah i have this meme page"   me, immediately realizing they're going to ask for the name and look it up
i've never seen anything more accurate.
crank me, criminal.
what a little shit
huge if true
i've never felt more betrayed
they both deserve it
who am i
prove me wrong
i must confess, i did a serious lol here.
back when life was easy
someone please update the wikipedia article for octopuses to reflect this new finding
this is a perfect meme
healthy and beautiful
hey come back
please make it stop
hey where did everyone go
glad to be back on schedule
woah woah woah let's take a step back here
but without nuts how will everyone get good fats and protein? can confirm
woah he's right
y'all good in there?
damn, robots really are smarter than humans.
now we're talking
i wish i could sit under cars and look at birds all day
one bbq water please
just give it time
this meme will cover the other half of people that didn't appreciate the last one.
weird flex but okay
cool cool i'll text you
the more you know
thorry for this one
this could be us but you playin
weird to think i meant you but ok
huge if true
we meet again, old friend.
very nice duck
god is always bragging
tag them and make it real weird
just lock the door and call the police
also used for the dippings of frenched fries
looks good to me, i'd definitely win room raiders.
whoops i went too far
vegimite as well
exactly how i'm trying to be this halloween.
just use your hands, that mallet is trash.
rise and grind let's get that head.
thank you kanye, very cool, i've never seen this meme before.
out of candy
maybe they'll just go away while i nap.
weird flex but okay
please drown in your essential oils
good luck finding kevin
i'd rather smoink a doink
dip me in ya monday milk
can someone from florida please confirm this for me?
it's also how i get around
do you miss him?
i bet hell smells like axe bodyspray
at home chillin at home
having your ringer on should be illegal
he was always listening to sublime and playing tony hawk and never actually had a job
sorry but this is what cats look like where i'm from
make it quick and fast
too spooky for me
looks like we might have to put your mom down, i'm sorry
sometimes it be like that
good luck pal
hey come back
it's not that hard to get taller, just dedicate some time to it
i don't think i can go to work tomorrow
i wish i knew how to speak english
yo it me
only i can treat my mom that way.
i'm just going to go with it and not question it.
dude just needs a spoon
she doesn't have an instagram so you can't see her on there either
this actually sounds ideal, let's do this
liking black licorice is the biggest red flag imaginable, if your partner likes it, dump em.
thems the breaks, kid.
just go ahead and leave a small gift at my door and text me in a couple weeks, i've been real busy
what a handsome and wholesome young man
mr. peanut is going to babysit so they better not be allergic
make that the combo
a little too spooky for my liking
wait how do you have enough money for a house?
thems the breaks kid
maybe tom shouldn't rely on jerry so much for how he feels
me all week
my cats need a safe word.
it's pretty obvious the answer is limp
lamp me up inside
good morning to only me
i'll remember it
just buy some plants, it'll fix everything
ladies, get you a man like this.
good morning moths, time to wake up and get that lamp.
i welcome our new moth overlords
i hope they have an enjoyable night
brother more lamps please
nice wattage bro
don't be such a jerk this early in the morning, triangle, we are all doing our best okay
moo moo everyone
i'm going to be the wacky neighbor forever
you all seem like cool chick and i dig your vibe but i'm just not really looking for a relationship right now.
get bent, gramps.
i'm just going to let it out really slow
i haven't been to a doctor since i was born
what a beautiful world
what a beautiful friday
no noose is good noose
i'm probably sipping on some dumb bitch juice too
ah that's where i know him from
ha ha ha
come on anxiety let's go
they mean well
my actual nightmare
having a heat stronk over here
liking halloween isn't a personality.
i don't think it's working
i'm still down though
i told you that was his full name
i don't know about you but i'll be sad all the time if that means i can eat chips whenever i want
i'm sorry but i'm lacking a few plys over here
my king ladies is this true
ball is life
let me know how it goes
we are the youtube comment section of the universe
i love history
then it's over for you bitches
he's just misunderstood
i'm trying my best okay
yah or nah
and i must confess i have no idea what i'm doing.
huge if true
my kitchen is always fully stocked with these goodies
what in the world is an uncle
light me up bro
i want to see the entire hole
i'm sleeping with my lights on tonight
sure looks fun
don't tag your friend and say glonk is your spirit animal
get this dude some certain dry
i need me a luigi like that
never trust a goose.
it do be like that sometimes
no wonder the teachers didn't want us reading goosebumps
looks like our generation is living forever.
but how are you
oof hope you're okay
yeah but who can forget how terrible pam was?
what the hell
kanye keeps us together
anything you say, sir
catch ya later
is this real
say it again baby
wild, i've been making sushi the right way this entire time.
ah crap now he won't stop trying to kiss me through my phone
what the heck
this will be the most relatable thing you see today.
live outside the bun
is it too soon?
i'd die for him
really makes you think
they're just deciding which aunt i'm moving in with.
imagine a world where you're married to one of these people.
what u got on under those crocs?
i'd hang with these dudes all day long.
this is a version i'd watch.
even more if flip that pillow and reverse it.
thank u homies
i can't believe they make horses wear these.
it's already half full of keith urban though
the holy trinity
what else is there to do?
i want girls to call me uncle baby
i don't think i've ever seen anything more accurate.
thank you, lord of my land.
bruh just work on yourself , you'll be okay
don't do it dude, just buy some plants for your apartment, you'll be better in no time
maybe the most boring type of dude ?
it's okay, sleep is a myth
feed it to me
i am ready for this
let's do it
don't be a goofy ass, just meme yourself and keep everyone happy
woah, really makes you think
thanks doc, i feel better than ever
please just let me be
shut the heck up
oh heavens are you okay ted?
the world would be such a better place
good for him though
if we had to create a time capsule and could only leave one meme, it should be this one.
if my plants are thirsty they'll find a way to water themselves
im still gonna eat it
sorry but you are legally required to go to target with me
catch ya on the flip side
nice job everyone
thank you for doing your part, doggies
i'd dedicate my entire life to this.
now this is a meme.
the l on his hat stands for lonely.
i win this round, pal
is this too relatable or just oddly relatable enough? i'm not too sure, sometimes i really doubt myself. i guess i'll just post it.
catch me live on twitch feeding birds
is this a depressed?
i'm sorry for personally attacking each and every one of you
fingers crossed !
when you go to bamboozle
is it too early for this ?
this is really hard to look at.
it would be easier to get a new friend
waiting to exhale
comment stay away leggy bois to protect your home
drink up, friend
i love you
why aren't you laughing yet
i'm a pro at this
i trust you more than i trust myself, opossum paul.
bees are just tiny little juggalos and pollen is just faygo
millennials are killing the living happily business.
it's right there, if you don't eat it i'm evicting you
if this doesn't make you feel glad you left your hometown, nothing will
this is absolutely perfect
i think both
maybe you're right, maybe i should watch an entire season of the office to feel better
i wish i had faux funerals
i absolutely love this man more than i've ever loved anyone
i love the future
why is everyone so young , i don't understand
pls help me
i'm sorry but this is a risk i'm willing to take
but like, it works?
complete the exchange
we out here
sure sounds nice
where the heck he going
i feel personally attacked
please help us all
ugh i can't handle jesus at parties
i would like to see more
doesn't sound all that bad
welcome to walmart i am braxtynn how can i help you
so do you want to move in
the brother accidentally killed her, right?
change it, you can't
it's just easier to deal with me at this point
good luck everyone just be sure to bury me at sea afterwords
i mean, it's already pretty late.
god i wish that was me
no but i also have crystals
i don't understand, i'm not ready for this
this makes me uncomfortable please explain yourself
cool it paul
that's totally what i would say
explain yourself asap
how do i change time i'm not that powerful
i love you too cat
i'm just going to roll over and pretend to sleep until you leave.
how am i ever going to get out of this one
really makes you think
good luck dude
also duh works
can we meet somewhere in the middle here?
is it just me or was pam a terrible person?
really living my best life over here
love you boo
explain yourself right now
oh cool thanks everyone
for real though, this isn't just me, this is all of us.
right when this kid thought his life couldn't get any worse
poor little trash rabbit, buy some plants, you'll feel better
he's just running after her to say he's an ally
i wish i had a cool job like this rat does
don't forget to take dad with you
tag your steenky lil valentine
and don't you forget it
uh oh, looks like we're about to have a showdown
cool it brother   hh
i haven't taken a nap since last year am i okay
nah i'll pass
i'm actually doing this right now
come on in dude
yeah okay josh
nah i usually have my lights on
make it a double
i'm down to live in the gummi universe for a couple months
let's get right down to it
which will win
dude has a solid point
relationship goals, for real
wait, this doesn't work?
maybe you're the weird ones
come on paul, buy a dog or something
can someone test this for me real quick?
just hold me.
don't even think about it dude
i think i'm going to get a dog
uh one large ketchup please
show this to your dogs
this is funny   please laugh
i lover yhou betch
really makes you think about what else they're keeping from us
this man is an absolute genius
science did the right thing
sometimes the soft pour corn is all you need ya know
i don't understand i always like your pictures why aren't you liking this one
god i wish that were me
welcome back would you like a water or maybe some hummus?
heck it let's do some caffeine and tide pods
i love you bedward
memes have come full circle, let's pack it up everyone
i think this is my favorite meme of all time
god i wish that were me
do nev and max make out between catfish adventures?
do you want the password for my anxiety?
i haven't eaten since last year
that's a man i'd be proud to call my dentist
honestly when was the last time a pear did anything for you
good one karen, i can't wait to hear it again next year, you're so funny
yo what that in aud
you ever hear people talking about you in different languages in public. wish i knew what they saying.
i know you drive a hyundai
messages like this please
i need your help dad
we don't have door dash
dunkey be like "game won't let me jump up mountains game bad"
we wuz kangs
we don't do thanksgiving here but you guys enjoy yourselfs
anyone else's insta being kinda broke?
this is truly ebic
akon coming out of nowhere
i never played too many cods
scorbunny is the worst starter in sword and shield and has the worst evolutions
easy now, boah
the cybertruck looks ridiculous but holy fuck, i want it
i'm so fucking bored but it's too hot to play anything.
bring all my bitches back
ok, dan schneider
can't believe we let one company own everything, it's kinda unreal.
only the real ones know
eat this goop
i fucking laughed at this
america, fix your self
i wish i was
beautiful nothing to post
the revolution has begun
there's no memes rn
them playing games isn't the point you fucking teapots
let him out
i only know how to play pokemon so i'm lost
holy fuck i completely forgot all about this game bruh ima try and play it later
one of the best memes of all time
hustle of the game
heroin lights or nah?
the rick and morty merch craze only just calmed down but now it's about to explode all over again. get ready for more shirts that say some cringe shit with a photo of rick flipping you off.
not funny, cried
impromptu seat warmer
seinfeld called it
i'll take your entire stock
what a movie
explain your working out
can't relate never won a match
any caption i use you're all going to flip out
i want to be this
you're all bitches
man just tryna get some let a homie grind
miss you sweet prince
yung jesuy back
smal cat or?
give that cake a nibble
fallout synth be like
you crazy son of a bitch, you did it
don't say you wouldn't
thank you fella who sent this to me
i dont understand, what's the media?
i don't understand tipping bc we don't have it here but it shouldn't be the customers job to pay your seriously underpaid staff
elon meme lord
fucking kill him
i just had meatball sub what did you eat?
announcement on last slide
i cannot drive
you guys never forget
doing the lord's work
wait, he had what?
i was the dumdum
give me shiny
sauce is eva elfie before you ask
caught anything good with the halloween event on pokemon go?
he stole noodle
no post deep web
dan schneider, bring all my bitches back
get this cops
my cat, chester.
one of those days where there's nothing good to post so repost time
repost but found on phone
girls be ready for they pumpkin spice latte
soc i etcy
those aren't wings
hong kong no dong
in my head i speak like a scholar but when i try to vocalise it sounds like i have small brain
the elite will get what's coming to them.
joker bc good
no laughing matter
that grandma is going to be living in society
yo bro no
joker is about to start, if you want to shoot me up you know where i am
this is actually so fucking wack.
under the fridge is ice dimension
this one hits a little too close to home
guys i'm going to lose my account so bye be honest
youtube is the actual worst. doesn't stop me using it everyday, and that's the problem.
companies have no right pretending to care about diversity
the new discord has like no fems i'm it rn please join
i always just use something from hottest or top rated
fight or flight
sandbox be like
idk if this is real but i wouldn't be surprised if it is
you know that's not his idea lmao
if u do drugs u will burn in hel
who was yours?
you fellas act like you wouldn't snitch if it meant not going to prison
cobblestone generator time
if there was post
i mean ye
how you feel about this?
sorry about not posting my cat was missing he's fine now
easy comments time
i haven't posted today idk here
she a freak
which you think
this is the fucking worst
posting is chore
who trying to say hi to me?
you tell em
nah man that's bolt
i don't give a fuck about vaping but america government dumb dumb
nerdy boys turn me on
sorry i don't do that
how about i bin the gym and you give me a proper workout?
self advertisers get blocked
i'm sorry, what?
do he bite?
the font different tho!
i thought that was your entire career
don't do it bro
sorry pokemon time
this is definitely me i am very good at siege i am champion
don't fuck with him
a man of class
what a absolute psycho
here you go americans
thank you, reznov
what a chad
because it's cold
i've fallen hard into pokemon recently and i cannot stop buying cards
sorry i haven't been posting, i've been out all day
do pizxa not crime
when it be, it be
grog no like party
now this is ebic
traps aint even that b
hide your girl, i'm heading out for the day
yo can you wash your hands if you use a public bathroom please?
at least it ain't flying
which one are you?
ebic console war comments
a ha ha you fool
he legit just dipped.
ya like jazz?
just get rid of the " " in spider man and then disney can use him. easy
idk i'm prob wrong
so like my friends and i are trying to learn how to play pokemon tcg because we've never known.
they out of the frick chamber
big iron on his hip
humanz r horrible
thanks, taj mahal
i be sippin
i don't care what is it but if it's a lotr meme i will post it
me next, please
what the fuck
steel is heavier than feathers
bs you'd never find it again
she bouta destroy this whole man's career
some of us respect wamen.
fuck it corn on a cob on a windshield
tryna find me house
how homies drink.
i'm impressed at whoever made this by using the a on his helmet
i fucking love lock stock and snatch. some of the coolest movies ever produced.
please save ralph
meme not dead. and also it's true. cute will always be better than hot
bro ngl minecraft earth looks kinda litty i'ma get it when it comes out
me no make the game ppl sad
i want to cop
guys i need help how should i act?
what a fucking nerd lmao
le big mac
minecraft is more real than reality
if anyone knows please contact debby
pirates and i like penguins
this is epic relatable
they may be ads but we gotta appreciate what they doing
there is nothing to post so have some wholesome
do you guys like death grips?
what a hero
i've heard that she's cheated on him, poor kid.
dont do the bad
i hope he found him
understandable have a nice day
man just tryna find his old man
okay mormon giraffe
can you even imagine growing up having a mother like this?
language of the gods
another one bites the dust
yo drink apple juice before bed for some wicked dreams
still want smash mouth feature
mob griefing false
thank you, m'lord
bro he ded
who takes over an hour to respond to a message like that?
the witcher trailer ain't look that bad
join discord please
millions of dollars
i always forget that pears exist. who the fuck is eating pears?
the legend returns
john snow sad
i'll never get to taste the goddess elixir
he got that fresh cut
babies ain't shit
that's why so many babies. also please join the discord for epic maymays
yes please, phil
the amount of people who thought my last post was the british flag is well, surprising to say the least. you guys dumb dumb
what a classic. also these the type of burgers you make in that flash game. papa's burgeria or some shit.
consume the goddess elixir
lol le epic nokia
i'm fucked i should have started in iceland shit
bro this is a trap bro
bruh i'd take him up on his offer
what the frick?
good job fuckheads
which your favourite?
bro time for a fucking crusade
sorry fellas. i'm a celebrity now. i cannot talk to you all anymore
i don't understand?
i haven't been posting much. a fella grinding too much siege
guys the cherries killed adam's entire family please take them
a fella sick
i really needed that skype call tonight. it's not ok.
no way he found all those diamonds naturally.
at least it ain't skillshare
bro you gotta install counter strike source
library cards are so impractical. what the fuck is the point of having an extra card that you can only use in one place and you can only hire books that you have to return or you will receive a fee? just read online.
the last post got a lot of comments holy fuck
it's worth it
this is ebic gamer relatable.
i've never watched killer bean but i am now going to
good find, bro
i need me this
stickz r cool
bruh i don't even like pokemon and i'd still jump his bones
give me bone
the kardashians are the worst display of undeserved wealth imaginable
i think firefox should be iron but aight
you're a good man, arthur morgan.
if this happened where i live is rather die
every shadbase comment
and then it's always europeans buying fifa
let my fella weon die
i dare you to try to stop me.
now this is relatable
when anything happens in the server.
pls join the discord and save us from this hell
eminem is trash
thank you meme man. guys join the discord ple
i have no memes i'm sorry
legochuga cheats at minecraft
when do you usually shower, at night or in the morning?
four letter bf name i bet it's gabe
i'm sure bob wouldn't mind. bob ross will forever be a god.
hulk arm burnt chicken
it ain't that hard to put it in the bin
i can understand that, my man.
i have so many useless videos in my camera roll
see? he doesn't need the princess
whoever made this needs to be arrested
ngl this actually looks awesome
thanksgiving is canceled
big glow up
dog machine broke
it's that time of the year again
rocks can't fly planes
frog breathing underwater
duck hunt mains
what does this mean
just made it better
forgot i made this
dedede would never
only real ones will know
i don't wanna get political but
dude drove straight outta hell
dk look out
i'm at the mall anyone need anything
i lost so many chromosomes in freezeezy peak
my phone broke, but i'm back
best paper mario game
the special dipped
maybe it's just the way your dressed
me to man
can't forget the time gru stole the time square jumbotron
very loud, yes?
spongbob isn't doing the
i love this
just how i like it
i think i'm the first and last person to do this
easily on my top ten nick shows of all time
tar tar sauce
toilets with threatening auras
up sequel would be called down
i hope everyone except the person that made this toy was having a good day
"this is a certified hood classic"
someone tell me the game i need to play it
happy anniversary to one of my favorite cartoons
nobody can replace this actor for king dedede
still no one:
now this is more like it
unpopular opinion: mallow is better rep than geno
i shouldn't be allowed to make memes
how she breathing
yo give him the princess he earned it
pearl after the last splatfest
i recently finished playing banjo kazooie
i just realized patrick doesn't make a sound when he walks
repost but it's the full cause i love this
what a tree sees in minecraft when i first spawn in
gamorrean guard has the best one
yeah it's a voice reveal i was trying to be quiet and not wake anyone into thinking i was dying with the recording
thanks kirby now i'm free to roam this earth
okay this collection is actually cursed
me when i see funny
i'm literally shaking right now
what emotion is this
i always loved his old mic man it puts a smile on my face
this was the biggest bruh moment in history
why everyone think imma leafy fan cause i like tetra, damn
how he lose to a fridge
idk why i made this
you know something wrong when a lobster got better hand writing than you
why is no one talking about this episode
okay last one
i knew it
real life angry birds
abu acting kinda quirky
soonic movie is cancelled
me going into creative mode
when you stand
if any bug lands on my food it's free real estate
so guys we did it
the original "i'm about to head out"
y'all know what day it is today
i don't want this meme to die
yo on cinco de mayo
what the penguin sees when you drop it
highly sophisticated video
officer earl and his angel son cal
doug bowser on his first day on the job
centipedes give me goosebumps
my last brain cell
you ever look at someone and wonder what is going on inside there head
i'm pretty sure this is into the spider verse
bruh how did he not die
finally in hd
this is a weird direction paramount taking but alright
people asking how april going
big bruh moment
this is definitely me when i
kinda fresh doe
if you know you're automatically my friend
just gonna post video game music each day because i can, rvm stands for random video game music
luigi behind the wheel
it's about to already be a whole year since infinity war has been out
rigby oh fuc
i had a nightmare like this but instead of sliding straight in i just fell
i don't remember this episode
idk if you guys know what zap zone is but it's like a edgier chuckie cheese
if you know you know
shadows wheat acquisition
kinda sounds like mario rpg music to me
oh shit here they come
this is definitely me when i
i made a thing
poor tetra, will be forever remembered as leafy's persona
guys who would win? i'm trying to settle a debate
squidward and pate rick will be so confused
i miss my old star wars lego sets
it's been an honor
imagine being old, and explaining this type of humor to your grandchildren
demi god time
oh shit oh fuck
sonic fucking dies
one of the only tik tok memes that i actually like
smash ultimate is fun
kingdom hearts looks epic
wtf people playing ultimate early
oh shet oh fuc
where we dropping
thirstiest time of the year
yep this movie did not age well
this post was made by the moyai gang
people who make smash leaks look like this
happy leif erickson day
part of a complete breakfast
this is classic comedy
who likes fortnite
this bowsette thing was going on so here's this
kermit would never do this i'm shaking right now
so how was the direct
spider man ded guys
i love these san andreas gta sonic voice overs
meanwhile in another dimension
c on the next slide
esto es fuego
c watch until the end lol
second slide is my version
do you play fortnite
the complete collection
i'm gonna main king k. rool in smash cause i love playing heavyweights
really cursed c
really guys i can't
really thank you guys enough
luigi dies again
yes this actually happened
this person must be stopped
rise luigi you aren't dead you will live
okay last one
luigi fricking dies
we got em
this will never get old
probably the most cursed luigi video i've posted
smh this is how real men get around town
this angers me
when you peramis that tupac
sakurai choosing the characters for smash ultimate
the only console i play smh
patrick is an epic gamer
don't mess with my squad
epic gamer c
this legit activated my fight or flight instinct
i'm back lol
epic gamer bugs
where we dropping boiz?
trash delta smh
how the weather outside?
literally any argument i have
had to make this c
cursed or blessed?
smash bros ultimate shall not disappoint
i'm waiting for someone to say it
fancy a glass of porridge
what'd i miss
mom said i could have ur chips
who up doe
fancy a glass of porridge
what'd i miss
mom said i could have ur chips
just because ur at the big kids table doesn't mean u can say cuss words
just girly things good evening to this man only
bed time for babbie
tell me i'm pretty
local roller rink dj
lookin kinda fresh doe
when i say something i mean it whether i mean it or not
no i will not stop posting miss juicy content
your cat should be just fine with a couple pieces of salami as a treat
this my jam
yes this is me
bone apple teeth
they have the secret codes
just a min lol
and no ones gonna help her?
they cute doe
would u let her break ur heart yes or no
was good doe
it's not a phase
moo moo lmao
honestly it didn't even hurt
i love my bestie
this ones called i'm a believer
just one monch
i'll be his night elf princess
i bet you feel dumb right now
is that your son
hell yeah buss down bitch
pour one out
i swear to god
me when my friend complains about her job
ur not gonna be on broadway jessica
must be this one
not now shannon
that is hilarious jacob please roast me more
just one pls
we need to remember this man
let them in
i'm proud of her
is this an adult baby yes or no
wake up bitch
yes or no
beautiful fall morning we have
hey pretty stranger
sir that's not change
tag someone who wants to smoke up here
explain this dad
i hope i go to hell
just enjoying my drink
he do be lookin fresh doe
little stinky devils
idk who made this but i'm done
local beer expert here
let's get freaky
no ur beautiful
hurts but true
we got em boys
gib chocolate now
you thought you'd seen the last of me
please don't confuse me like this
kristy has gone absolutely wild
how those breadsticks bitch
must have got lost in the mail
it can't be
you think your life is hard
do u wanna hug after school yes or no
we have to get to the gate
i'm not a rocket scientist mary
r yall ok pls respond
sry about this
i hatched it myself
sue ellen i swear to god i can't hang rn
i will escape
how these buns look bitch
the cheeto collection rly thought they were doing somethin
we meet again
andrea fonesca on tik tok is my whole life
it's not what u think mom
a brother goin through a lot rn
crayons too please
not mad honestly
why am i like this
even when im crying crazy
let me in
yal ain't hear me talk about randy jackson in a minute so here u go
you're tearing this family apart
sunday school lookin wild
r u still a lil bitch
hit my line
someone had to say it
is he ok
high school was a nightmare
every damn time
don't tell mom
ridin it like the bullworm
would u pick him up yes or no
don't forget ur roots
me now actually
this is the final test
to a baby: you got this one?
let's watch cosmos
not like most girls
im not ready r u
bad boi hours whom up
everything is not as it seems
why am i like this
yes deb is a bitch but i am stronger
i would die for him
no dinner tonight bitch
he looks nice
bubbly boy is coming for u
this boy is too pure
nothing to see here
i'd hit him up
nothing to see here
were u aware u were driving while cute
this is the only man i trust with a gun
god bless america
good boy did the pants better
miss u rosie
anybody got hamtaros phone number
goodnite say it back
i miss what we had
tired of living as a blind man
this has got to be the worst article of clothing
couldn't cut it as a poor man stealin
the glow up
hold me bacc
im baby. u can not bash me
thirsty boi drink
i know ur secrets
sorry i can't be him
i used to feel so bad
sorry i can't be him
my caucasian roots are tingling
yes i do the cooking yes i do the cleaning
it's go time
i think she's cute and a good girl
just swinging by
so how long u been driving for uber
wish i was back at the ranch right now
hurts just a little
see if i care.
im ur leader
imma need spice
i almost died on my way home from work so i made this
wot u lookin at
hurry up papa
me: grandma died
ill do what i have to for this relationship.
im not like most girls
drink up bitch
what's up guys i'm braeden
i'm big hungry baby
what's ur skin routine dawg
we get it ur rich
u guys im so high
risking it all
just travel the world man
i only got one left
this ruined me
idk who made this but me rn
u don't wanna know
i'm back bitch
and then insult me for not knowing
she's my everything
don't be ridiculous
save ur comments about oscar that mfs home is a trash can
the next one we will do a silly face ha ha
the diet starts tomorrow chad
story time this happened and i thought i was in real love
happy hour is over. you've now entered sad hour
i haven't slept since i saw this
i am not responsible
looks like u got depression pal
ur doing amazing sweetie
look at this photograph
shaun the sheep
luke bryan is that u
me after two drinks
i don't make the rules
this is the end
thank u for ur service
do u think we're made of money
a little hoppy
new day new me
im sad about this every year
i do not make the rules
im sorry goodnite
marry him then
lisa i said five minutes
honestly it's a body high
the hell yal lookin at
get the big boy a pizza
yip beta gamma
no tricks here
come on ive been waiting all night
big boi season
ever heard of social anxiety
who did this
i love this man
is this an adam and eve ad
what the hell u doing
can it bitch
take me home country road
remember when the big time rush guy quoted me and his fans attacked me online
take it away conner
be nice to him
i will do it
stephanie got played
it's that time again
good one jerry
when he says "you ok" and she says "nope" i felt that
harvard doesn't know shit
plur dying susan
i love u bitch what is ur name
show hay bitch
love my girls
please comment forgive if u forgive her
yes or no
don't be like chuck
hello darkness my old friend
come on just one hug
who up doe
history meme, smash like thank
fuc it pug vibin to sh boom
when you have the pizza rolls.
it do go down, into the void.
your final moments
when you walking
truly madly deeply
cubic dimension rolls
minecraft for life you guys
mike mr. electric pence.
story of today told through a flipagram
i tried this and got beat up
i don't get it
what's a funny wifi name
tag this person
ain't that the truth
which one are you?
need more chess memes
how does this happen?
on my bullshit
they aren't wrestling
kick me in the fucking nuts
such an asparagus moment
we live in a society
ecouples be like
please bro please
please tell me
i wish the teacher would lick my thumb
i don't get this meme but i can't stop laughing
yeah but which is it?
fuck sake amber
fuck it bro
i am the blind warrior, i see all
fuck it, deer on a walk.
where he goin tho?
this is definitely mark zuckerberg when he waves!
waiter, there's a pickle in my fries!
thankful for this overweight gamer cat
even as a mere infant, i knew it was pizza time.
nah i just don't believe it
kanye pls  tough life
now that's what we love
this was like a week ago but what do you think about the new snapchat logo?
why you guys gotta do me like this?
i am the blind warrior, i see all
fuck it, deer on a walk.
where he goin tho?
this is definitely mark zuckerberg when he waves!
waiter, there's a pickle in my fries!
thankful for this overweight gamer cat
even as a mere infant, i knew it was pizza time.
holy crap guys
why my dog nae all over my toilet bro
nothin like some cold refreshing milk with just a hint of gamer energy
look at the size of this dude's head. if you smacked it, it'd be like banging a gong
found a picture of me as a kid, look at my big fuckin head dude
it really do be this way
it's a decent duck
y'all already know
he's all patched up!
i became a super saiyan
i found an old school folder, flipped it over and almost got a fuckin heart attack
here's me sprinting to the donut store
me and carson just chillin
pov: i am a mad doctor that is going to steal your brain stem
it is time.
not done yet
banana jim lol
family guy funny moments
until next time.
i'm gonna miss these guys
the chunk error team boutta make a chunk error in twitchcon boys
it's like a honeydew
he's guarding my treasure
shoutout to the pears. and you!
what the fuck what the fuck
found a leaf today guys.
i am taking a step in the right direction
reading some fine literature
shopping time with my beloved son
it burns brighter than the sun
the spider craves my little sweet child
note to self: don't call friends "whore" on twitter
why yes, i would love to become a tangerine. how did you know?
you cannot resist forever.
pov: you're looking up into my nostrils
these bananas are lookin spicy
quite fast shipping from our future mayor! can't wait to not drink from it as it's probably laced with anthrax
i am in the wild, i will be parented by lions
here's my leg
mf's name is hubert
what a badass giveaway i won
i must buy them all
sharing a snack with the rock!
i don't know what to post on here, take rabbo for now
welcome to the surface
i can finally relax for today and tomorrow
i have an exam soon  ily all
good morning i'm still rly sick but i ave a final wish me luck and ily all drink water and think about things that make you happy
tag a tall friend
ily all drink water and stay healthy for me
this is happening to me rn so same
i need to finish an essay on a movie i've only watched half of tomorrow  make sure to drink water and plan ahead so you can avoid the disaster i'm in
hola, i love all of you make sure to take care of yourselves.
posting this on an elliptical brb passing out
good morning. ily all hope you'll have an amazing break. make today your day but it's ok if it's not, just drink water and relax
appreciate your waiters! also please drink some water if you see this
good morning, today is your day go secure that bag
this is me and it seriously stresses me out
hope you have a pleasant sunday
share yours in the comments
good morning! have a lovely saturday. drink some water and do skin care
she sounds hideous
ok who reading this
i be so hype when my friends parents like me
i'd enjoy this experience
the reflection also doesn't rly look like them
i get the worst hiccups. ily all, make sure to drink water and take care of yourselves! take it easy, you've got this
good morning, love y'all make sure to drink water
all the time
ily all drink water
my family does this
stay safe, ily all and make sure to drink water!
this is cute but that teacher is
also good morning! make sure to stretch and drink some water. hope you have a wonderful and productive saturday
this is a mood
anyways ily all please take it easy and drink some water!
tag yourself i'm asenchal oil
this is what my sleep paralysis demon sounds like
goodmorning say it back
the last post was meant to be a slide post but i guess instagram fucked up. so here's the rest
do u know any other ones
i will also do this
i go through this a lot
in one of those weird moods right now. love y'all
drink water ily
ok tell me ur stories
building a zoo on planet zoo
remember to drink some water ily all
this ruin the whole game for me
y'all better stan hinapia
good morning, have a good day!
drink some water
y'all see sum
i can appreciate these seeing university students everyday
hope you're doing well, drink some water
heyy drink some water
what would you post?
sometimes i think i hear people calling my name
good morning, try and make this day yours! stay hydrated and ily if i had a kid and it picked the toys i'm pretty sure i'd roundhouse kick it into next week
this isn't even funny but i laughed
ok me. this why nobody wanna talk to me
ily all, take a deep breath
hello, i actually slept for like so long today that i'm just now waking up  anyways ily all have an amazing day and drink some water if you see this
exactly what we all need
i would never sleep again
whose the scariest person you met?
bruh the mustache one brings back memories lol
happy halloween! stay safe and healthy but have fun tonight
they see different light waves which can form different types of chromey colors but we wouldn't rly know all about it
good morning y'all
i fell out of a car and my leg got run over
what some other weird legal things you can do
i will still accuse u of being a witch
i love this chaotic energy
hope you're having a good day, but it's fine if you're not! drink some water and take a deep breath
this is actually the worst
drink some water if you see this!
tell me some scary short stories
what was your big scandal?
good morning, currently between classes. hope y'all have an amazing day, but it's ok if you aren't. make sure to drink some water and pace yourself. you got this!
lol who else does this
literally everyone in my school
anyone else got creepy facts about disneyland
been grinding some league games before the season ends
almost had me for a second. if you read this remember to smile! drink some water and relax if you need to. remember, you're only human and we're all different, take as much time as you need
y'all are doing amazing, stay hydrated now
heyo, if you're reading this make sure to take it easy, you're doing amazing! always try your best and if you don't succeed at first, that's okay! drink some water and take care of yourself for me
good night, make sure to get a good amount of sleep. you got this!
have you went to any haunted houses this year
this is fun, do it in the comments
do you have any odd behaviors?
drink some water loves
if you read this, do a full skin care routine today. face wash, exfoliate, tone, spf, and moisturize
goodmorning, what's the stupidest thing you've ever been asked
i need this in my life. also drink some water smh
do u have a nickname
drink water now
it's what he deserves
this thought haunts me like all the time. also sorry i've been out today, make sure to drink water! i've been thinking of looking into skin care routines and sharing them with y'all but we will see
goodmorning say it back
i've been so tired today idk why. i'm gonna take a warm bath and y'all should too if you feel stressed
i'm so sick wtf, anyways drink water if you read this please
hi i just woke up and i am very sick
a whole movement wow. if you read this just know you're loved and that you're worth it, even if others can't see it.
if you aren't arguing like this, is it worth it? take this time to breathe and take a stretch break!
do it. tag them maybe ahaha
good morning, remember to stretch and drink some water y'all
this post called me out
if you read this drink water right now. also moisturize and stretch your neck.
name the movie. wrong answers only
make sure to always help someone if they may be in need! the world will repay you with an amazing friend.
remember to take your meds if you have anything, and text your love ones right now
good night, make sure to stay hydrated and fix your posture. also moisturize now or i will find you.
tag a person you wanna do this with, anyone at all!
what are some other mandela effects
not a meme but same
we playing tft
living my best life in dark mode
mr krabs is my spirit crustacean
ok bill gates im your person for this
ima format some of my videos to be darkmode
let's get that bread
he was carrot shopping y'all chill
i yell for my dog when they are next to me cos i don't see them
this is the content we all want
i need friends
chill my girlfriends on this app
oh same except i don't look good
i seriously need new friends bruh
i can hear this post
i'm always annoying
i am tay, god of the night
hi guys at a job interview rn ahaha nervous
u want bracli
my only goal in life is to learn how to jaywalk
frog and cranberries it must be fall
explain ur reasoning
it's clownery ur honor
something my mom would do
the caption is bad but cute vid enjoy
my mom would never
one of those days
which one would you use
oh he like this
jess is right, stan loona
hi sorry i haven't posted much
me laughing at my own joke
i laughed out loud
what the fuck
he did her dirty lmao
i need one of these
pretty much how it goes
i'm still like this
i love them all
do u see it
im not even a guy but i felt this
tag someone who a microwave
i honestly don't think i'd have the energy to run away
ight imma burn the house down
me with any animal
clearly she's just a trender
i'm more than medium but it's ok
spill the tea
i love the fall
what u got
hi i'm on my way to kentucky
she always doing arthur dirty smh
this how i over think
who sharing this with me
what time is it by u
whats ur favorite fruit? watermelon is mine
anyone wanna come over and sit on my new couches
i love this video
he just floating around dead
sorry bro i got scoliosis
finish the lyrics now
i overthink eating so much i just don't do it sometimes
i'm laughing in my uber help
me trying to explain something funny that happened
i do this
yes or no
what kind of advice do u think they'd give
i should be asleep
i say carmel
i used to only sleep in jeans
i'm ugly laughing
ok i didn't realize they were oven mits
this is actually amazing what
ok so wyd
goodnight say it back now
bruh chain in the comments now
what would his name be
i wish i could meet all my online friends
can't wait to try this out
i used to think kirby was a pokemon
i'm literally screaming
omg omg omg
i'm so sick and my dad is being very insensitive about it
omg omg omg
what the fuck
i wanna message my number neighbor but what if it's a weirdo
it really do be that way huh
tag urself i'm babels
omg i love him
he looks weird
my mom when i'm asleep
he so cute heehee
i'm too embarrassed to do anything other than walk in public
instagram is being a tad frustrating right at this moment
no you have to guess
i'm just post the second part today
bruh wtf ghost
why this don't happen to me
i love david dobrik
why do people do this
when he left the room
this dog is me
he's doing his best
if i went outside and saw this i'd gag
thought this would be fun
something i'd do
if anyone plays tft on the north american servers add me on league! my username is: sinner
this me when people vent
who is awake
this gave me second hand embarrassment
everytime i watch this i laugh
lord have mercy
just want to bless ur feed
why her name a font
oh heck no
poodles look like old ladies
what's ur favorite holiday? mine is halloween
he's a cowboy
reality hit him
this is entertaining
same except my friends know i'm ugly so they don't say i'm not
me when it's one of those days
the first girl is me trying to dance
we have these in my grocery store
so love city girls
this clown said spring water
reminds me of that one vine if you know you know
very cool darlene!
thanks for reminding me how lazy i am
me when i'm driving
yes it's not a meme
big uh energy here
stanning rv is for intellects only
it so tiny
idc if it's his job
they beating him
i'm the only one without a secret room
say hi goobert
my dad like being annoying don't he
my mom did this to me. now my door broke
she does this for like all types of sports ppl i'll look for them
a exorcism is needed
yes i'm a whole mess
jk i'm not but i'm trying to be relatable
my dad needs to make an instagram so i can tag him in this post
some of y'all clowns rn
i have all the days no they will be posted by the end of today
claire is my favorite
i used to bottle feed orphaned raccoons
better than transformers
the last one
we going supernatural on this job
who understands the first meme?
me trying to understand derivatives and how to use the chain rule
only these people can destroy gods. comment if youre one of them.
everyone, get ready. we will get spiderman back
weird flex but ok
some of the best say "sike right now" memes
time to move to another planet
im the one that always hits the mystery box before opening doors.
sorry guys maybe next time
people who do this don't live for long
me when taking exams lmao
pick one to flex
respect to those who dont spoil
that day he planned to escape at night.
can we get some fs in the chat
sometimes it be like that
shakespeare needs to drop a album
facts ? red and blue are always better
only real men say "data".
keep it even
i miss playing minecraft
comment your highest score
happy doge drink water kids
pump saving education
please don't say it.
this cat just went sicko mode.
legend says he was never heard of again.
i feel like he is the same person in both videos.
get that gush. lmao
what the fuck
where can i buy one?
name this pokemon.
which cod was your favorite?
double tap weird flex but ok
study the test pupper
polite and cute
i got a message from ig to be active
i was one of those defaults
idk what i will be doing
this guy named gerard
none of you will get this
im still on summer break
chillen like a villain
idk what i will be doing pickles !?!
im going to try and keep my account safe from being deleted. anyone have any suggestions ?
these make me question them
i remember eating animal
how do you say despacito in english?
i respekt wamen
these get better and better
stay away from drugs ppl if u dont want to be liltay
ill jump pad home.
i bet some of u guys wont know who is droog.
like and comment if u get it
what kind of animal is that? lmao
we got him guys. mission accomplished
just to finish the school week
best way to learn how to drive
blue pill for me guess i'll go back to sleep then .
who up doe
history meme, smash like thank
go to sleep
vilgax always tryna steal his drip
i thought the car looked sick ngl
back to bosting
make sure your alarms on if u up late
on a drought but imma post properly like friday
gonna start posting properly tmmr
y'all miss me?
moustache man did bad thing
before booma meme dies
everyone gangsta till mandingo squares up
public for the day
his ghost writer finna drop heat
anyone who scrolls without liking fails the vibe check
transcending space and time
i love this, but let's not forget logan was the better boxer
still think logan shoulda won
logan shoulda won
can't wait to have a girl, just so i can cheat on her
she a dime
very relatable, smash like
i'm doing hella ads today so they'll all expire around the same time, instead of tryna spread it out over different days
samsung would never
already a classic
me tryna spell wensday
last night was rough but someone tell me why i'm still up
teamtrees memes thoomin
late night gang wya
can't relate, i'm lonely
chicago finna turn to nuketown
did y'all even miss me?
inhale the precipitation
arizona iced tea
another memory i forgot i had
big brain time
kinda fire ngl
restocked on memes, smash like
might run an ad or two today, i apologize in advance
a memory i forgot i had
throw the whole beach away
relatable meme, now smash like
imagine dragons do be goin hard
we eatin good
i'm not stressin actually, he really just vibin
i need more
posting regularly starting tmmr
if i was him i'd just take a lil nibble
the scene from the office
"let me keep it for you" headass
had to bring back this gem
i wanna know how the meeting where this was proposed went
go to sleep
bout that time
you are a baby i am about to step on
she for the streets
thank you shaq, very cool
bruh chain, i'll start
go to sleep
takes a second
video still a banger
sorry bout the ads
a true forward thinker
we're in the endgame now
damn i really didn't post all day
thank you walmart
damn no one up
i've found mine
idk why i'm still up
ight imma head out
maybe i smiled
kanye did all the work
he looked at the camera right quick and said watch this
takes a second
real isopod hours
sad gamer moment
i felt this
big depression time
directly from source
'based on a true story' type beat
ceo of india
it's all coming together
if you know all of these, you get a cookie
boys locker room
imma actually post memes tmmr
reminder to lick your lips
i love him
no caption but smash like
welcome to the shadow realm jimbo
how does this make you feel
left right left right
what does one do with all this info
buying the new iphone isn't even a flex, you just a clown
she for the streets
plastic would never
everyone gangsta till they play this at jahs funeral
prison school type beat
homeless people when they see someone with a camera walking up to them
i apologize for the ads
need me a bad bitch like judy
just hear me out bro
goodnight, say it back
really the next step in evolution
the iq required to comprehend this meme is immeasurable
bout that time
a lot of reading but this is fax no printer
the falling man type beat
need it, expeditiously
the streets not safe
me after stealing my baby cousins break milk
first post of the day, damn
minecraft good fortnite bad, now laugh
we live in a society
funny, just wait
wait till you get to uni
you must laugh, it's minecraft
i hope zendaya gets "hacked" soon
idk bout y'all but i'm takin notes
stay packing schmeat
tell my family i love them
ok maybe this kinda funny
he dices it up
time to argue: who's best joker?
gangs all here
i really just be staring back at mfs
that is all
coulda been an nba all star
imagine starting school already fuck them turtles
this kinda fire ngl
real isopod hours
we forgive you germany
hit her a few times and it breaks
chaseth a bag
he looks like a steve
i love him
you can't tell me this is english
minecraft letsplays really do go hard doe
what's yo cute as doing up this late?
a masterpiece, goodnight
bruh what game is this
what in the fuck
holy shit you fucking killed him dude
here i go killing again
florida isn't real
they just spawn at midnight
ceiling fan dust
fat bitches need love too craig
quality content as always
he do be looking kinda fresh doe
ok maybe i smiled a little
holy shit you fucking killed him dude
please don't say sike
vlad the lad
ghandi, destroyer of worlds
camera roll dump
idk how i feel bout this one
goodnight, say it back
epic gamer mom
highkey not motivated to post but i'm trying chief
left curve gang rise up
shit old asl but
caught lackin, don't lie
i like this guy
free my mans
please say sike
there's only one right answer
funny, did laugh
time to rest your eyes kings
damn what time is it for y'all?
funny, did laugh
rise and grind
didn't have to him like that
i feel unclean
didn't realize i needed this
whole gang pullin up
can't stop us all
if old japan saw new japan they'd make hiroshima look like a joke
im tryna drink ariel's ocean water
: after dark
fuck everyone named chris omm
miss him already
nothing but fax
oj wildin on twitter
gang in this bitch
they tryna be crate
now that's american talent
all that for a drop of clout took me a few seconds
go to sleep
none of y'all even missed me
takes a minute
rise and grind young kings
left curve gang rise up
narcos really go hard doe
goodnight, say it back
i love alive dog
it be like that
flex tape can't fix that
damn i can't sleep
ricarda i'm bringing back paprika
real ones know the taxi anthem
rise and grind compadres
booking the first flight out
another banger on the way
he said he wanted to be memed but i'm not gonna post any cause some of y'all soft
go to sleep
go to sleep, it's a school night
nothing special, just a few pictures of billie eilish
time to die ig
better love story than twilight
my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.
what the fuck
such a punchable face
did y'all even miss me
go to sleep
wait for it
rise and mf grind fellas
doing my part
my boys when klay got clapped
they tryna be crate
album dropping midnight
oh yeah yeah
seems about right
ok toaster bath time
ain't these mf kiwis
ngl, i too, enjoy grass water
i remember this but don't know what it is
rise and grind
taste the rainbow
can't wait for this to be me
essential especially this month
not my mans kratos
knowing that some of you won't get this hurts me
doesn't even add up
lonely keanu reeves
who does this
me every time
is it really someone else
why do we do this
who's laughing now lol
can you find it?
this is fact. your life is worth the risk.
she's right you know
big if true
thanks i know i'm gross
stop it bro you're being toxic
who wants to tell her
god is not amused
thanks jesus, very cool.
weird flex but ok
this is deep af but i feel it on a spiritual level.
eat the bees and then do some nose beers in the bathroom
the comment section about to be lit. enjoy.
look at me mom i'm smoking
we finna stir the pot with this one
if we die, we die.
i would have been shooketh
i let them all slip
i'm honestly shocked
this chick fucks
big fucking oof.
why am i single? this is why i'm single.
mom im scared.
finally, some common fucking ground.
have a rare piece of wholesome content.
what was i thinking
what the actual fuck dude
do you even lift bro
text me later fam.
a classic that will never get old
as a man i can confirm
i'm a mf king
it's a strip club man i'm here to work!
big if true
aren't they one and the same?
ur in big trouble mister
it's me, i'm the ok sure
finna clean up the whole world
ur gonna go
oh hell yea
throwback to my most viral tweet
fuck them kids
buckle up becky
weird but true
this is good
mad man on the loose
be more thoughtful sarah
i'm a walmart
you fucking killed him dude
it's massive brain time. worth the read.
this is true
ladies, is this true?
language of love
i feel this
every girl ever
it's big brain time
more wholesome content
fuckman at your service
it's big brain time
check and mate
so heart warming
i need all the soup
am i a joke to you?
need a little bit of that confidence
it's big brain time
i'm actually glad this feature is gone. who else?
harsh but fair
a friend like this
big if true
harsh but fair
this is epic
profile picture checks out
jealousy is a disease sweaty good morning fam. i'm drinking a nice hot cup of coffee and enjoying this nice fall morning
it's big brain time
good morning my loves
this kid is going places. or is he?
check and mate
why didn't i think of this?
what a solid combination
you had me in the first half not gonna lie
good morning. what're we mad about today y'all?
oops i did it again
idk how this will be taken by y'all but enjoy
thank god it's almost friday
the same energy
is this me?
i need it
happy hump day
oh hell yeah
i get it
thanks in advance
something to boost the small guys confidence
harsh but true
they had us in the first half
i'm so jealous that they get to clap some alien cheeks and i don't
where is the lie?
ya know, just something casual like.
tell me how angry this tweet makes you.
don't ask why but ask why not
we need more material men
jot this down ladies and gents.
ozzy is my spirit animal
anxiety juice ftw
this is amazing
we all get it.
very cool story
worth the read.
who r ufinnaly a new dog
nah g this cant be real
he would never
already patched or nah ?
funny because that's never worked ever for anyone
ah hah aha ha
stfu i'm heading out
it really do be like that
its monday my dudes
he still has a dad ?
epic gamer moment
he's just chillin
how would you type that sound
he's mf crazy
why stessin he cant run
mf big sip
yep, lucid dreams meme
be like that
how was your day?
one of the only good things on school
nah stfu, richard prefers gingers
keep coming i can't perfect accuracy
these are the only times i'm doing my homework
ok johnny robert chain
pack your bags
why pennywise had to do him like that
wow damn that's a good vibe
also nothing against owens over the world i'm not against the name
me at the slightest negative comment from any customer ever.
his face   l
thats enough internet for one day
i used to love this book
i've had the second video saved for ages but i just found the first part and the page that posted this made the pitch slightly higher in the first vid lol idk why i noticed that
wow this account became very dead
i love this video oh my god tjis video is the best tjing ive ever seen ok no wait but this video i cant
bill bill bill bill bill bill
resorted to stealing my friends memes
my new favourite memes
jesus on a prius?
lord on a ford?
lamb on a ram?
jehovah on a toyota?
almighty on an audi?
the word on a thunder bird?
redeemer on a beamer?
god on a hot rod?
i have captions drier than that pizza base
cropping game strong
ok but how do u just like forget your backpack
it was a graveyard smash
why am i alive
oh my god
hide ur kids
oh my god im crying
i never have any idea what to put in the captions they're always just like a keyboard spasm
fuck im not ok i cant
my new favourite meme
what the fuck
why are people so amazed by this australia has been doing this with ketchup for ages
oh my god i love it
ok this is actually so sad and he has kids and theyre young im going to cry
so, basically she's the person in my last post
idk why this is dark
this has been one of my favourite memes for literal ages
oh my god
there are tears
hanjan the moustache im
um all the people commenting "but blind people cant drive" thats the point of the fucking joke smh
my favourite video
put me out of my missouri
this is very accurate
a good strategy will try soon
some of these are nostalgic
this is amazing
me when riverdale ended
control urself dave
this is my all time favourite meme
im crying what
u should do the second photo bc its fun idk make friends
this is like when the teacher calls on u in class and u answer and then they say they were calling on the person behind u
i want a pair of tiny hands
thought i was the only one who did this
psa: it says hips not nips
can definitely relate
im fucking crying
i love this
"uncle or aunt" im
this video gave me heart palpitations
the hotel bit im crying
its face im in love
these sorts of memes are my favourite
they need to put handrails in bath tubs
i didnt know i needed this in my life until i saw it
couldnt they have just built the seats the slighest bit further apart so i dont accidentally give people lapdances when im trying to get to my seat
i dont know what this is but i love it
first i bang the drum then i bang your mum
why is it blurry idk
literally me rn procrastinating and posting instead of studying
oh my god
oh my god
lol i got it straight away
when ur mum says that dinners ready
gleep glorping i am deceased
oh my god
i love this
when anything except google chrome asks to be my default browser
i got these from buzzfeed
what the fuck paul we all know werewolves arent real
what i thought they were really small
its also where we hold our rap battles
her face right before she said did you guys hear that
is this really what guys think about on the toilet
okay what the fuck
this is fact. your life is worth the risk.
she's right you know
big if true
thanks i know i'm gross
stop it bro you're being toxic
who wants to tell her
god is not amused
thanks jesus, very cool.
weird flex but ok
this is deep af but i feel it on a spiritual level.
eat the bees and then do some nose beers in the bathroom
the comment section about to be lit. enjoy.
look at me mom i'm smoking
we finna stir the pot with this one
if we die, we die.
i would have been shooketh
i let them all slip
i'm honestly shocked
this chick fucks
big fucking oof.
why am i single? this is why i'm single.
mom im scared.
finally, some common fucking ground.
have a rare piece of wholesome content.
what was i thinking
what the actual fuck dude
do you even lift bro
text me later fam.
a classic that will never get old
as a man i can confirm
i'm a mf king
it's a strip club man i'm here to work!
big if true
aren't they one and the same?
ur in big trouble mister
it's me, i'm the ok sure
finna clean up the whole world
ur gonna go
oh hell yea
throwback to my most viral tweet
fuck them kids
buckle up becky
weird but true
this is good
mad man on the loose
be more thoughtful sarah
i'm a walmart
you fucking killed him dude
it's massive brain time. worth the read.
this is true
ladies, is this true?
language of love
i feel this
every girl ever
it's big brain time
more wholesome content
fuckman at your service
it's big brain time
check and mate
so heart warming
i need all the soup
am i a joke to you?
need a little bit of that confidence
it's big brain time
i'm actually glad this feature is gone. who else?
harsh but fair
a friend like this
big if true
harsh but fair
this is epic
profile picture checks out
jealousy is a disease sweaty good morning fam. i'm drinking a nice hot cup of coffee and enjoying this nice fall morning
it's big brain time
good morning my loves
this kid is going places. or is he?
check and mate
why didn't i think of this?
what a solid combination
you had me in the first half not gonna lie
good morning. what're we mad about today y'all?
oops i did it again
idk how this will be taken by y'all but enjoy
thank god it's almost friday
the same energy
is this me?
i need it
happy hump day
oh hell yeah
i get it
thanks in advance
something to boost the small guys confidence
harsh but true
they had us in the first half
i'm so jealous that they get to clap some alien cheeks and i don't
where is the lie?
ya know, just something casual like.
tell me how angry this tweet makes you.
don't ask why but ask why not
we need more material men
jot this down ladies and gents.
ozzy is my spirit animal
anxiety juice ftw
this is amazing
we all get it.
very cool story
worth the read.
just an all around shitty person
never tossing another salad for as long as i live. i can't risk going to hell.
marky mark is a stand up guy
yeet me almighty god
i need this in my life
must be nice
two and a half men was a treasure
imagine this being the funniest thing you said in your whole life
everyone say a prayer for his girlfriends husband
need this plan to workout
gotta respect the honesty
this guy fucks
if i do one task i want to lay down after
as if you needed a reason to like danny devito anymore than you already did
it's big brain time
i'm living for exhausted adult fall
love the word coward
there has to be a way
this might feel like a personal attack and if it does, good.
wish i could enjoy it
hunter has joined the chat
probably the latter
big if true
that's a wonderful idea you got there little jimmy but unfortunately it's not healthy
im employable as fuck
me as a dad
oh hell yea
is he stone cold sober tho? nice
i bet she fucked gordo
lemme toss thou salad madam
the technique is nice
wendy's has no chill
yes i'm talking to you
the more you know
someone fill me in
it's funny because it's true
i support this
love a nice round mound
it's me they're staring at
big if true
there was really a girl at my high school who went by this name. oof.
we don't know each other
this guy fucks
i've never seen a better reason to stomp on the american flag before. don't threaten me with a good time dale
they had us in the first half
brb i'm finna yeet myself outta a cannon
im a conspiracy theorist now
proud parent moment
every time i watch shrek now i automatically get erect
not a got damn thing
pretty dope i can read arabic now
god please no
oh hell yea
def not mari
not even a little bit of a good time
shave it bro
unhand me peasant
idk why but i lost it when he said bazooka
love these slipknot lyrics
barter system sounds lit
awfully bold of me to assume i'm cool at all
can't wait for the mixtape to drop
sorry short boys
throwback to one of my fav tweets
story time. i gave my first real girlfriend a build a bear with my voice built in it that would say "happy one month lauren, i love you." when you pressed the hand. lauren, if you're reading this you broke my heart
yes this is a personal attack on all chets.
this guy fucks
i've thought this ever since i was a kid and ate my first pop tart.
get to tagging
wanna see my downstairs mixup
i don't need that kinda negativity in my life
take it easy wendy's
i'm blushing oh ok
anyone wanna come forward? didn't think so.
sorry for the confusion
love this idea
happy friday y'all, don't do anything i wouldn't do
oh no sweatyi'll clap his cheeks too
disappointed in you taco bell
this is how old i am
the man is a genius
this might feel like a personal attack to some of you so sorry in advance
oh hell yea
what a relief
you heard it from god himself
fuck it we ball
go get a job you free loader
big if true
good morning everyone. don't forget to stay hydrated today.
he's right you know
i'm guilty af of this
we just one want thing and one thing only
i've been thinking about this all morning
boom mf roasted
not the best content i've made but gdamn i'm trying sweaty
big if true
if you look like joe dirt down there, it's a no from me dog
looks like it
is this true
the dream team
what's everyone mad about today?
it's helps us cope
it's a hard habit to kick
who's mom can do one way?
he crushed it
i don't think so
called it bitch
heart warming and heart breaking post
this kid is going places
is this true
back in my day if you wore these, you were cool af.
delete delete delete
i made something
someone show me where the you fucking killed him dude
devout christians: what's your opinion?
this one really got me.
you're doing it wrong sweaty
try again nick
scam like shit
fine i'm work
morning. enjoy your hangovers.
if you leave your dogs in the car without the ac on during the summer then your mother is a hoe
wholesome pot dealer
i need pizza like this
nothing but respect for my president
where is the lie?
they had us in the first mfin half
everyone "loves" hiking
oh hell yea
just a little history lesson for y'all
fax no printer
drop your stories below
you got them good.
i thought so too
at least you look cute waddling
down with it
whipping out the oven mitts
any other spicy food lovers out there? if i'm not fucking sweeting then it's not hot enough sweaty
i love u
now this is motivation to smoke
only people very familiar with the internet will understand
nice picture brett
and they said romance was dead. think again sweaty im so talented
they had us in the first half
me irl except i like g i r l s
i don't believe it
finna whip it out in the drive through
harsh but true
take notes fellas
motivation monday. night.
it's funny because it's true
weird flex but ok
this is a good meme
delete the baby
buy a vowel kyle
felt this in my soul
i love a good comeback story
this really hit home.
he's just being polite
big oof. where is the lie?
cobra chickens is all i'm calling them from here on out
try it first bro
i felt this and so did your sleep paralysis demons
where is the lie?
so that's it?
oof the truth hurts
who else doesn't believe him?
i don't like this
and at this moment he realized he didn't need to create a college fund for little bobby
proud father moment
the only thing these shows are good for
i just collected them so i could brag
i would watch
this is one of the funniest memes i've ever seen
fuck a chad
oh hell yea
grill dad thinks not
the grass answers to no one
something i can stand behind
the more you know. amirite?
you can buy new towels? wild
or a tv remote
no one told you to put it all the way down your throat philip
no he god damn didn't
get fucked meghan
the internet has no chill
oh damn hell yea
love a good friend
they really did that
back on my bullshit
little guy is fly af
legend like shit
true or na
where is the lie
bake cookies or die trying
wait, it would've actually been volkswagen
new meme format
minecraft's been making a comeback
gone too soon before his time, rest in peace.
oh hell yea
this meme gives me the strength to keep updating and posting during the shadow ban.
hit me right in the feels today.
i guess that means my accent is messy
source: in image
what is this bs
it's always those big suvs
source: in image
"i've entered the mainframe"
pictochat was my favourite thing in the world
i think we all do this
source: in image
me no money
source: in image
source: in image
i can't think of another caption, can you?
source: in image
who knew that someone could put that into words
"we the best music"
source: in image
somebody give this man a medal
source: in image
what a relief
looking at all the classics
by the time you finish you just want to stop writing
old phone starter pack
source: in image
it gets everywhere
chicken drumsticks are the best ones
this is why i try not to have too much soda
me and my procrastination
had to save the planet
me need money
my laptops time didn't change automatically so i had to set it to manual
he looks like he needs to ask you something but is too scared
part of teenage life
i hear it also happens to right handed people too
honestly why would anyone watch a morgz video?
did anyone else do this?
this would annoy the crap out of me
but are they attractive?
dodgeball was my favourite game
"you missed a spot"
and the last ones are the easiest ones wow did we all do this?
is that a tablecloth on her head?
they just pretend that nothing ever happened
just wanna pass this unit
i tried it and it actually worked
"they're here to serve us"
your mother uploads it to facebook for all the other karens to see
feels bad man
math isn't my strong suit
basically all my clothes i would "grow into"
i can sense a "can i speak to your manager"
disappointed but not surprised
can't y'all wait at least until november?
anyone gonna tell him?
who can resist such a deal?
me only wearing one earphone because i keep thinking people are saying something to me
i'm just looking thanks
there are these things called headphones
i could never get the mods to work when i tried
and everyone else in the world travelling to america and the serving size is giant
only the best for the bros
the pioneers used to ride these babies for miles
it usually works
we all do it
every time i visit grandpa i have to fix something with his computer or printer or tablet
people don't seem to understand that we know how many fingers you're holding up, they're just more blurry
thank you kind stranger
you do this before they can choose someone else
my computer always updates at the wrong times
not gonna lie this has happened to me quite a few times on gta online and csgo
we really all have the same imagination
my internet rn
it's best not to google it
why does it hurt so much?
who else remembers blowing so hard into the mic to blow up your balloon in mario kart
i'm not like all the other teachers, i'm a cool teacher
finally i can go downstairs
i have tried so hard to like onions but i just can't
disappeared into thin air
or videos of "ufos"
except it wasn't any different   just the same game repackaged like fifa
anything is possible
yes i'm that good
ain't nobody got time for that
sorry but i just want a burger
why can't they just make a smart mode that only turns it when you want it to
even though i used to do it i don't get how it works
i can already tell it's going to be bad
when ur trying to talk shit about someone who's in the same room
would have been a good skill to learn
waste of time
i'm sorry but who doesn't like pulp? it's the best.
the only time i'm not on my phone is when i'm sleeping or when i'm driving
makes total sense
thank you whoever discovered water you're a real g
yeah it's not our genetics it's those damn video games
i would be scared too
more like forgot my phone, i wouldn't go anywhere without it
they had to photosynthesise before oxygen was discovered
the feathers are heavier because of the emotional weight of what you did to those birds
imagine not having a screen protector or case
a rare good feeling
my stairs even though they're carpeted
i cannot state enough how accurate this is
jared leto's joker is bad
here comes the airplane
most satisfying feeling
we really all be living the same life
lol i'm literally the expert at doing this
daily occurrence for me
worst pain known to mankind
holy shit i've never thought about that before
you can't win when you're the child
in my first semester of uni i was dumb and bought the physical version of all the books don't forget the pixar intro
"i was about to but now i'm not going to"
why would you leave me here alone? the loudest sound in the world
my biggest fear
i was the student that got punished for behaving
my maths teacher used to add cat memes to class worksheets
why do you need so many watermelons?
"i have to go out soon"
i cannot fathom how the brain works
because there are heaps of platypus in the tri state area
must be fun having unlimited mobile data
my phone is always on silent
prepare to get screamed at
those look like some scrumptious nuggets
can't help it hard to find that sweet spot
beggars can't be choosers
a way of saying hi without saying a word
always go too fast
after you watch a youtube video on the projector
who else remembers this?
he also doesn't know what an indicator is
as if they did that lmao
pls get the reference
poor leo then
life b like dat
american horror story
anyone got an explanation?
oh god yes please
cat claws are so scary ngl
me when i wake up
cute as fuck
my spirit animal
fuck juan pablo
what why wtf is going on
what the fuck lol
oh man, take me home
oh i dont like that
it became a fucking caribbean ocean holy shit
thank god i don't need glasses
what the fuck is this
eyes are crazy
i need one now
holy fuck it's knitted
big brain required
if you haven't played cah you've missed out
that'll be an expensive fix
would you animals?
looks like an evil wizard tower
this pic is lowkey pure af
i have a big brain
might need to do this
wonder what happened
someone give me context
damn lol clever
this is odd
how the flip?
racecar for sure
live fab. die fab.
probs fake but still lol
holy shit how did they even capture this
ouch poor tay
oh my god thats legit genius
"works on snails, surely it'll work on humans too"
imagine someone being able to produce such sound
who knows who this is?
this always happens. literally wherever you go
never understood the point of truck simulator lol
that glass is hella strong
surely not lol
mike should continue to use it for the memes
i'd fully respect that.
literally the same person
the guy on the left is good
dan the man
this must be a joke right
broke af rn
it's britney bitch
look at his cute little face
holy shit that's nuts
what the fuck
im really bored rn, wtf do i do
ok this is amazing
someone find me the live version pls
this is like those damn youtube trends ffs
oh my god i thought it was a filter
chicken came before the egg
damn what the fuck do you do here
thought it was like a candy flower lol
who else speaks united states? i do
how the fuck would you drive this
ayy this would put a smile on my face
lmao the tiny pic looks funny af
"rock robster"   robot peter griffin
oh my god imagine the panic this would cause
legit the best game to play with friends
they were hard af lol
can you prove it to be false?read this with a funny voice lol
i really didn't wanna get out of bed this morning
tag a bad bitch
damn it works lol
yo what the hell
she clearly just doesnt know what's up
ea games are out of date
literally the best idea ever
omg the aesthetic of this picture
this is facts
that's deep af
anyone else spam the pusheen cay when it was released?
starting uni again today
what the fuck
i remember doing this minus the lizard
do you wanna live forever?tag someone to do this withwtf
literally every time
i'd never throw garbage again
i can confirm this
i feel the frog
literal brick to the face lol
would you ever own a car like this?
flesh cloud ahoy
this is a drawing omg
oh lord that'll sting
i just slept for ages and i'm still tired ffs
wholesome as fuck
this is really fucking cute
romeo is boss
cute af too
i identify as a houseplant
this is odd
i love him
what the fuck hahahaa
yo spongebob is turnt af
oh my god
we all need this
it's like climbing a damn mountain
kinda felt that
omg angy boi
weird flex but ok
that's actually so messed up lol
slener the bad bish
lol fill in the blank
it looks ticklish
i wanna see this happen live once lol
the goodest of bois
literally just the cutest little navigator doing what the cutie does best
bruh this is disney af
what in the world
tag this person
surely they'd just make a new one? lol
panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda panda
doofenshmirtz is on another level
makes a good point
my spirit animalpick up your rubbish and please recycle lol
this cat is me. i love attention
do think aliens exist?
imagine if they were dogs
dude breeds chicken somehow
minature dinosaurs would be cute af
this took me longer than i care to admit but woah lol clever
creepy but cool, go moms
kids are a different species i swear
i think i am both rn
we all know this pain
ill post more when i'm done moving
sorry for little posting i've been moving
my fucking man
holy shit yes pls
why is every word capitalized
wow that messed my eyes up
finals got me like
dad joke incoming
all the feels
twilight was one big meme really
hey fish boi
damn china are not messing around
lmao i am putin
lmao when you see it
what a legend
pls tell me this is a joke
fabi will never stop eating the icing
started from the bottom now we here
what why lol
every fucking time
comment yours below
cats are alright
who else does this? lol
oh my god she licc
definitely a vampire
can't argue with that lol
best. show. ever.
dedication one of my fav memes
oh. my. god.
elon musk is my man
what info does he hold?
thats cute af
omg the dream team "take a left for lamb sauce"
lmfao surely not
this is terrible
preach meg preach
tag someone who needs to read this
only cards against humanity could get away with this
fuck cleaning that up
tag these people thor or loki?
i love loki personally
say it louder for the people at the back
the husband is nothing.
who's your favourite disney princess?
holy shit when you see it
look at that smile
who would you make sleep in the cage?
cookie monster was always my fave, who was yours?
this is an accurate curve of my life lol
if you're too young to get this then i feel sorry for you
we need more teachers like this
tag a "criminal" lol
wtf thats actually crazy
who would you share these with?
watched wreck it ralph for the first time and loved it
mood be like
ngl that looks really nice
been skiing all day and lovin it!
old but gold
tag someone who disney films
sorry for spam just havent posted much recently so felt like making it up lol
seen this before thought i'd share it bcos its amazing!
ellen's a fucking weirdo i tell you that lol
omg i miss the old youtube
periods r the devil
might post bit less as im on holiday sorry guys wow this is amazing
ellen is precious
this is literally peak
sorry for not posting today, been out lol
what body wash is this wtf
god there are so many series i miss
which ones do you miss?
wtf there is nothing wrong
name the suitable sound effect
never gets old
actually relatable lol
tag a friend
do you sleep talk?
tag someone who does!
tag a legend
what the fuck is this lol
watch til the end hahahah
i woke up so late fml
thats pretty fucked up hahahaha
omg imagine covering yourself in this
reminds me of the zack efron meme
lol fucked it
omg i never noticed!
this is literally so cool
why the cheese?
what the fudge lol
thats cool ngl
god bless this picture
i want to chuck my phone across the room
its gonna rain tomorrow stay dry sweaties
what in the fuck
jenna ran her acrylics down my back and it was the nicest and most relaxing thing ever
this fucking hit me hard
i have a lot of hw to do tonight
"swag asian" what the fuck
i made so many tati and james jokes yesterday im
icon this week will be so busy mcguire really thinks im writing a mother fucking essay when i have one in english the fuck
speaking of mom happy mothers day
its what she deserves
thats the tea
filipino tings heehee
doubwe doubwe toiw and twouble
mainly every other day but if i need to then everyday
oh my god.
mcguire when elmer says "epic gamer mode"
guys exactly one more month of school we can do it
"i can buy you free vip just give me your pass" i fell for that shit once and thats why i have trust issues
the hard life of being an ugly rat
i wanna try this omg
he really did that
concert is two weeks away gonna put this gem here bc rachel's voice is of an angel and i will never reach her level
the research paper is really due next week and i have done nothing for it
scroll past this if you have arachnophobia
here are some spicy minecraft memes for ya
me in english today we literally started all quiet on the western front and i had my head down pretending i was reading but you know my bitchass was asleep the whole chapter
nice actions go a long way
why is this every adult
im not the only one confused am i
nothing attracts a crowd like a crowd
well when you put it that way
why am i crying in the barbershop rn
just really focusing on mice elf this year
and here i am
say what now
i'm the zebra
goin thru alot rn
get well soon
the legend returns
i'm very influenced by waiter recommendations
aim yo shit
look how content i am about it
i dont like it
turtle is my spirit animal
my mom killin it
i have a lot of opinions about social pleasentries
always down to go home
the fish population is declining at an alarming rate
i cant turn left
sometimes you answer your own questions
an oldie. one time i hooked up with someone in a dream and then later in the dream they broke up with me
quick mafs. man's not hot
y'all got any scissors?
and there's reason to believe, maybe this year will be better than the last
you're welcome for the ride
henlo smol beans
gotta pick your battles
rip. that's too bad cause she was really into me
is this a thing that other people do i'm not even sure
y'all better hope it's a clean one
you already know
i'd like to repeal this ban please
"i did it all for the nookie"   rupi kaur
i'm not particularly good at drinking
i'm mr brightside
i thought you'd never ask
drinking out of cups
i lead a very fulfilling life
i see now that things aren't so black and white
literally the only way i know how to get there
ah i see
happens more often than you'd think
bagel bites for every meal
count the syll a bles
alright cool yeah i'll have that
i'm late for work. i played myself
swipe idk who made this meme but it is a metaphor for my entire life
i'm on a very tight schedule
you looking at my pictures on a movie projector or something?
real kale meme hours whomst up
just your average steven glansberg
i'm a hypocrite and this is an expression of my guilt
i'm trying my best
i've had many a close calls
it me, mario
i'm just grateful for the opportunity.
pls walk faster.
an oldie for the new folks
and then you die
it's my fault though cause i said "here is perfect" even though here was not perfect
must be nice
so work, much busy.
sick guys, sick
where he at  where he at  where he at  where he at
now there he go  there he go there he go  there he go
hi i hope you're having a nice day today
please stop immediately
wish me luck
play out a game in your head
tryna be stealthy here, person i'm stalking
whomst likes wordy memes
i was just on vacation with my family and forgot to pack underwear
no mr. uber driver, i don't believe i will be seein ya
an old repost. gotta find me some baskets
so long appetite
oh no my fault my fault i was in your way my bad
me rn. did y'all know about this?
i'm an edmontosaurus you've probably never heard of it
nailed it. i'm hammered. etc.
henlo smol meme
i get the feeling onions don't want to be cut
gonna make this meme instead
full disclosure, i like kombucha i think it tastes good
i need the ego boost
we goin straight!
you're welcome anyway
wow what an actionable insight
my dream is that there is a menu that can hook into your brain and know exactly what your favorite thing on the menu would be and just orders you that and you don't have to make any decisions
learn something new everyday
okay okay sorry i take it back you're a real tiger
who are you
uh huh. damn. that's crazy. and then what happened
the gang's all here. get it cause you open cans with your fingers and also cause i'm drinking alone
works every time.
laziness is an excellent money saving technique  have y'all memorized your cc number? if so comment it below! and the expiration. and cvv. and your ssn. and mother's maiden name. and your first car. and the name of the city you were born in. and your favorite color. mine is blue. k thanks bye.
tag your eggplant
wait have they heard me practicing my yodeling this whole time
if i can't see them they can't see me. blue's clues ftw
silly rabbit. my grandma used to tell me i was gonna turn into a cookie. no luck so far.
it's a hard knock life. don't forget to swipe  close one
especially when it's a group of strangers. is this an irrational fear?
yea i ain't going
marijuana has done wonders for the reputation of skunks
do unto others as you would have them do unto you. also i can't stand the cringe, it makes me uncomfortable
tag your favorite tree
i'm very very smooth
yea imma justa gonna chill here for a minute
wingdings. from now on all my memes will be written in wingdings.
we are living in the future now
this really happened. be careful when pregaming the pregaming. drink responsibly kids
seriously, those whomst aren't aquainted with memes are woke af. i am but a meme maker
yea i'm just gonna stay here
i care about you all
vary nice i like
sorry what was your name again? ok. sorry what was your name again? ok. sorry what was your name again? ok. i have a problem.
sorry about this one lol. i couldn't help myself. we now return to your regularly scheduled programming
i'm sick of your shit robert
oh so that's how toby maguire prepares for a role
i'm dead . literally.
better late than never. i have one more of these that maybe i'll wait to post til the meme comes back in style
because perfection is an illusory concept and you should love someone flaws and all
so put your hands up.
i am here to learn
you can't get blocked if you never slide
it took me way to long to realize this
bring your own snacks. hope to see none of you there
why the double standard? love you mom
twitter night mode seemed appropriate for this particular post
past that point in my life. let me make a decent tasting drink and take my time
don't really have a choice then do i?
i'm an excellent candidate for the position
maybe out of the goodness of your heart and ideally cause you also like the content?
eat now. talk later.
it was a really hard level! what a relief
drink responsibly kids
i'm pretty neutral about drake actually. his music is not my style but i appreciate his meme value. and i definitely watched degrassi growing up
re: my last post. had to make that shit with google slides. took way longer than it should have. i need a computer
i can't help myself, they tasty
kids these days
it's ok though i ain't president
they call him the cereal killer. i tend to eat cereal at night as desert rather than at breakfast, for various reasons that i don't have time to get into right now
save the trees
and that's the exact face she would make if someone said that.
watermarking like someone's gonna steal it or something lol
i don't condone this
don't try this at home
finally a good deal
this is horrible
where is this?
what you doing
are you buying?
scarred for life
give him a name
what's wrong here?
wait a second
every spider man film
what film would you have on your coffin?
that's how we roll
which tastes better? filling or casing?
punishment for this crime?
get well soon
any engineering students out there?
hi say it back
i wonder what happened
what the hell
i love omelettes
my boy ed
be safe shopping today
how much time do you spend on your phone per day?
why do i love this person
recommend me some movies to watch!
this is epic
omg i'd cry
mah boy einstein
cast noah centineo as ash ketchum you cowards
idk if it's just me but i don't rly want to live in america ever
this is my life rn accurate
ellen is actually a legend
kids going places
i want to watch the new movie can someone tell me if it's worth
all i can say is lol
aka not vaccinating your kids
this is actually insane
you're a dumbass.
using science for good
i rly need this for a certain someone
this is epik
me in class lol
i'm actually fuming
i like sushi
i'm actually dying
sorry for not posting!
buy yourself something nice
what a legend
smh my head
how statistics in politics are like
my heart omg
i'm gonna take my horse to the hotel room
this is epic
why is train wifi so slow
i'm a swiftie sorry not sorry
before it was cool?
is this lowkey hilary? and i arrived in amsterdam this place lit
i in paris and i dying
i on a plane
i'm on my way to paris! paris ppl comment down below
i used to have a bunny named yellow pea
i feel like taking naps don't help at all, they only make me more sleepy
i don't want anyone in my house actually
i boiled water! i'm essentially the best cook in the world now
i got my hair cut and i actually like it this time wow woo
did the bullet come from the left or right?
i don't even remember what happened in that movie
feels are strong
i came, i saw, i came, i saw, i praise the lord
is this not a horror movie
have a good day whoever is reading my captions
who thought this was a good idea
everything about this is amazing
this upsets me on a spiritual level, watch till end
hi good morning
japan is japan true
whoever runs that twitter is a legend
anxiety is a thing
challenge for y'all on third slide
let's get this going y'all
can you make a full sentence without "a"?
did you see aunt first or not aunt first
old but gold
this makes me happy
kinda scary when the dog opens mouth
yes priceless indeed
here's the mf tea
just kill me
happy canada day
me in class
is that toilet paper
what did i just watch
this is actually funny
say you'll remember me, standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset babe
another exam tmrw wish me luck
calculus exam tmrw wish me luck
lechuga my loves
i'm honestly shook
what is love!
he's done for
it's all fun and games until the statue starts moving
i love science
do you think i'm a girl or guy
this makes me so happy
comment something inspirational!
the last one is
this is highkey wholesome
imagine being friendzoned
finally some revenge for the garbage food you fed me
thank u next
i'm so sick of high school
i'm happy about leaving high school
i'm actually dead what the heck
the world is a magical place
save the planet y'all
has me dead
truly a tank
this actually had me so dead
just a few more
this reminded me of hot wheels
someone do this to my calculator
i'd pay for this
i love these
i'll be posting the other days
what did i just watch
i feel bad for snake
i know they say i move on too fast
what the frick dude
why did i actually believe it was gonna work
cue the alabama jokes
what show is this
imagine opening up to anyone
omg this is the best video ever
this is literally me rn
omg my gosh
smh my head
yes gimme gimme
love u guys
ok now this is epic
oh my gosh
these small little series are cute
oh that hurts
weird flex but ok
this heals me on a spiritual level
i'm actually dying
taste was good
it's going crazy
no comment about how true this is but here's the mf tea
why is my school so boring
if you know, you know.
looks easy but totally not
she deserves it
have you watched end game?
if this ain't the cutest
hahaha i'm crying
it gets crazy wtf
hahaha end up in heaven for sure
someone explain the science
i aspire to be cool like this
hahah this is facts
ah this is the cutest ever
wow this is awesome
put him back
senior year is the year you realize who your true friends are
i love this
tag that person
imagine being in ikea alone
always a special place in my heart
is that even a horse
here's. the. mf. tea.
swipe! worth your time
my fav ad
i'm in tears
double meme for y'all
i just spent so much money
i'm in bed
this is old but gold
today was a bad day
do you have a sibling?
accurate representation of what school does to my brain
you so f'ing precious
who has watched this movie?
tell me this isn't cool
say good night back if you read my captions
oh that took a really dark turn
this is epic
lol out loud
is it just me or recently everyone is tired and annoyed
i am so bad at chess
why are humans like this
comment your thoughts about this?!
i'm fun at parties
apple or android?
minecraft is an universal game, have you played it before?
hi what's your name?
good morning loves
the earth is flat. change my mind
that's pretty cool
my last few brain cells
idk what's worse humans or humans
hi i love you guys
hi guys i got into my dream university
what an iconic scene
tell me u don't relate to this
hi good afternoon
someone do this please
can't post pictures for some reason so here's a video of pure evil
damn disney chill
this is amazing
it's a meme combo
comment down below
really cool wtf
do you think that money can buy you happiness?
i'm kind of sad
thanks for your support loves
chaotic evil and true neutral
so ok what ur telling me is that i'm an npc
now this is a fun read
can we bring back messenger pigeons
evil tortilla man
honestly this isn't a bad situation considering
he doesn't seem to age
guys my anxiety has been really freaking bad lately and i only got a couple hours of sleep last night bc of it and im scared i won't get enough sleep tonight for skool
i wish i had a cat to recreate this with
i wish i had the power of that man
i always forget to post this but it's one of the best threads
i get my puppy in a week i'm so excited
i've never been to nyc and i really want to go
i was absolutely terrified of the bermuda triangle and i wish i was joking
i'd probably fight the jock
what an iconic movie
sorry i didn't post yesterday, i wasn't having a good day
i haven't said this recently but ily guys more when i was younger, i would vent in my notes and there are some pretty interesting ones ngl
i see mine
this activated my fight or flight
i like the top hat
we appreciate all forms of potato on this account
i don't even want to imagine if something like this happened to me omg
i have so much hw tonight i think i'm going to die
idk if i like this fact or not
i love these
throw the whole website away
add more in the comments
heads down, eyes closed, thumbs up
this is how i feel almost everyday
i'm totally ok with living in south canada
did you mean: any 'the office' fan ever
i'm so tired
oops! i'm stressed
if i have ever talked to u online, i'm so sorry this is exactly how i am
this is a piece of art
this was literally me this morning but i am a clown for ever thinking school could give me a break
if i'm wearing earbuds and i see someone trying to talk to me, it takes me a couple "what"s to realize i should take them out
this makes me feel very strange and discontent
tomorrow is psats and i'm so excited for the memes
i wish buzzfeed unsolved could come out more frequently
i feel like i'm the only one who doesn't use dark mode at all
yeah i definitely feel like this
i can't think of anything interesting to say
what have y'all been up to today
i'm feeling the stank love vibe
can someone tell me how to fix my absolutely horrible internet presence
freezeria is best and deserves its own category on top
i can't remember the last time i hugged someone i need some of that right about now
i've never tried an avocado
haven't done this in a while: you just lost the game
why do graphing calculators cost so much and why are they required for school when they are that much
it's friday guys how we feeling
i love this video sm it's got to be one of my very favorites
whoever wants to compete with me, i promise i will crush u at this
duolingo just added latin and now guess what i started learning latin so now i'm gon be even more cool
unrelated but why am i so scared about unknown numbers calling my phone like i just assume someones got my location locked down or sumn lmao
if u watched it, who was ur favorite: alex, justin, or max
mine was max bc he was cute and kinda not the smartest but that's ok
i wonder who snitched from upper euphrates
so i'm gonna be taking a break from ig for a few days maybe i honestly don't know for how long but i haven't focused on helping myself mentally at all lately and i need to so um yeah y'all prolly don't care anyway but i'm saying this for like the few people that do lol
i've been wanting to text mine but i'm scared they'll react badly or sumn
oops i haven't posted in two days
the game, u just lost it
it's black and blue
some more lovely content
this is quality content if i've ever seen it
a nice potato appreciation post
hi i didn't post yesterday sorry
yet another post right before bed, i hope all of u are ok and breathing
i could go for some right about now
ya girl is hungry and kinda wants mac and cheese
hi everyone hope ur having a lovely day
i'm hungry what should i have for breakfast
i promise you this is worth the read
sad but i do that a lot
kinda gives me evil queen vibes but if she were to smile
disney channel original movies are the best thing to ever happen to me
what part of winning do the bruins not understand
man oh man do i wish i was consistent on this acc
i love this post
for those of u asking if i would sell my acc, no i will not get ur own
danny phantom had no reason to look like that
i just finished a group project all by myself, anyways how are you guys
i find it hard to believe that ppl don't know anything about me yknow? but who knows
u just lost the game no i am not sorry
this picture kinda freaks me out
how the heck is the world such a huge mess rn, did we all just decide collectively to start caring about problems that have been actually going on for a while now
did a presentation today that did not go well, so hoping for a better day tmrw hopefully
hi how are you
so um has anyone had a good week this week bc everyone at my school is having a bad week and it seems to be an overall trend idk
i hope all of you are having a good week so far, and if you aren't, i hope it gets better
this just bad
fun fact: i was a girl scout
i kinda feel like sandy loam rn
this is really pretty, also good morning
i miss my mom i haven't seen her all day
ok i'm not spoiling the movie but i need help, maybe i could join a support group
im love this
assuming that u chose to go missing
idk what to say
my mom is literally always charging her phone
i freaking love eclairs guys oh my god i love them
next week i'm on vaca so hopefully will post more
a good posting schedule? never heard of her
i want this very badly rn
i'm so glad tmrw is friday
i'm extremely slepy srry i didn't post earlier gudnight
rough week this week folks hopefully next one will be better
it's almost friday here's a happy post
i can't focus on my hw bc i have a presentation tmrw and i'm terrified
i have a band shirt that has always fit
i'm at applebee's and our waiter is funny but i'm still horribly antisocial so idk what to do
do u like waffles
can i not be eternally tired pls and thank
can someone take away my anxiety pls i need to focus on hw
sad but true
oh dang okay
my first thought was all star
good morning everyone
face of the second one makes me uncomfy
can people please learn the difference between lose and loose thank u
oops i didn't post yesterday sorry
i shouldn't have waited all day to post lol
in honor of the ides of march
hello how has your day been, mine was okay
making friends overwhelms me so much why does that happen
this made me laugh so hard earlier today
i've actually always wanted to know this, so like, if u know feel free to comment
i love these, the "omg ellen you didn't" gets me every time
in elementary school, teasing and being mean meant someone liked u
i should not be laughing at this lmao
tag urself i'm chaotic neutral :p
i felt that
i can not believe the jonas brothers are back
me when i get less likes than usual on a post
i watched into the spider verse twice today bc my dad bought it this morning wow i'm so quirky
what's up everybody welcome back to my channel, hi how are ya
my mom and i are currently commentating the before the oscars red carpet event and it's hilarious how we're critiquing every outfit we see
i've watched the video too many times i can hear this post
i have so much hw lol
i can't believe i didn't post yesterday wow
with this and the mars opportunity rover, this week is ending on a very sad note
i only have a problem with this when it comes to internet friends oof
this is unreasonably funny to me
just so everyone knows, i am a girl bc i didn't realize some ppl didn't know
this account is my legacy and that's kinda sad
i'm in stand still traffic rn so i might as well post my alternate self needs to stop freaking doubting herself
i wish i could draw better like that'd be really cool and quirky y'know
lord help my procrastination
so i just finished reading "they both die at the end" by adam silvera and i did not expect it to destroy me like it did
i'm at my school's basketball games rn and i'm helping my cheerleader friends and i feel really cool
somewhere in my soul, i connect to this and i have no idea what it means
the right one
lil bread chips lmao
i didn't know how much i wanted sweet victory until the spongebob part was over
this would mess me up idk how i'd feel about it
ok i'm actually sad that i can't eat bagels yet bc of the surgery and i want one really bad this is mega dumb
i actually laughed at some of these
is disney really making a kim possible live action tv show
caption abt liking art as well
don't do it, it's mean and bad and gross
i've made a promise to myself that no matter what, my teachers will not make me destroy my sleep schedule for them bc they don't deserve it
sorry i have a good set of teeth ty very much i've never had a cavity
if ur lactose intolerant, stop consuming dairy pls it's not good for ur body
can someone from uk confirm
go be quirky and think up ur own idea smh
sorry states that arent anything, we should just disappear
idk how many more of these i can read until i go insane
i love the energy of this post
lmao the justin bieber was always on the popular games page
so my school is poor and the boiler stopped working so there's no school today but i still have to go to this other school that i do a program at in the morning so cool
u just lost the game sorry
especially if it's a smaller space, i think of ways i could get out in an emergency
good morning ! sorry i haven't posted in a bit it's been stressful few days
why is ig continuing to make bad choices, aren't they learning anything
i wish i could meet john, he seems like he'd be a hoot
hey hi hello, i haven't posted today oops
this meme is now cancelled, thank u for ur time
and once u say one line, it's over for u, you have to say the rest of the xtra phrases
is it really necessary to go back to school tomorrow? like for real can i have another week? please
i now want to play mario kart really badly right now
the forbidden snacc
this is one of the my favorite pictures on the world wide web
this post came for me
sorry i'm that quirky try again later
meredith deserved it and she knew it
i only do this when i'm crying and pacing around my room
how foolish of me to think i could go to bed at a decent time on xmas eve
my mind is an actual garbage can, like there is nothing useful up there
ok but what's the difference between a hobby and a guilty pleasure anyway
we love positivity here on this account
sorry that i know how to actually do math
who decided that we need to put an "s" at the end of words to indicate there's more than one of them
how are people just this quirky i don't get it
time is fake
nah barbie's just a selfish bih
i support this
does anyone else have to do poetry out loud
my account is dead and i have no idea why this is lit
wym i do this every year
guys don't procrastinate i don't recommend
sophia would definitely win, hands down
this is the best hamster
i've been having a rough few weeks forget about days
oh dang srry didn't post yesterday, this week has felt like one long day
this post needs to stop circulating around the internet it makes me uncomfortable
driver's ed textbooks are so boring what is this
i wonder how many of u guys don't know my name
i'm loving the queen memes i've seen so far
so uh hi
is this considered advanced bc i can't tell what the normal millennial would know anymore
last one there's a rotten egg
why would u do this lmao
give me your best
every time i see this i laugh so here u go
that stupid cursed video
if i don't see for myself, i don't believe it
you're now aware of your breathing, your tongue never sits comfortably in your mouth, you're aware that you're blinking. have a nice day
it's wild that i actually memorized this when i was younger
if you had the chance to change ur fate, would ja
don't be mean abt the crow baby or i'm deleting ur kneecaps
so i have my first driving time for drivers education today and i am scared
i wish i wasn't as naive as a child, i didn't understand that flaws were a thing
im emotional today lol
so cool, captions are fun
so uh yeah tik tok is wild also i keep saying tit tok instead oosp
i'm angry right now but i can't pinpoint the exact reason why
i just wanna know where this came from bc obviously everyone knew of it
if this is the new up and coming meme, i like it
if u read my captions, comment ur best piece of advice
good job girl u did it
how can i make myself sound more interesting
wow there was actually a time where i would give myself mental breaks? wack
oo ee oo ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
don't lie every single one of u are one of these
boi in the library: why can't we just finish this online class in just two days
his friend: it's possible, why not
i dance to escape the pain
this is the funniest omg lmao
me but with comments during harkness discussions
i just spent more time than i should've on tik tok
why did my engagement plummet what is instagram doing now
and now people that said the onceler was hot aren't too weird
is that zac efron
capri suns used to be my life
do u people even care abt captions or am i just talking nonsense for no reason
i really need to post more lmao
i'm mega tired oof
what xmas movie should i watch tonight
a concept: being both
i have no motivation for anything anymore yikes
what kind of murderer would use a bat in this day and age
me with instagram
someone just walked past me and they smell like egg salad
i love psych
why has my account been soaring for like the last week this is very wild
ya girls gonna fail bio bc she can't get her shit together
i laughed way to hard at this
hi my names chelsea what's ur favorite dinner food
for the people who had a hard time in the last post
yeah i say love that for us and big mood all the time now
this is officially my favorite meme
woah i haven't posted yet today that's wild
i have to present a stupid story i wrote in english next week and i want to disappear
my anxiety's been so bad all day i can't believe it's not friday
let that be a lesson to u all
why do ppl decide to make shit like this
if u see a strangely ominous post, u should know by now
i wish i had a bf lmao
lawful and neutral irritable lmao
what the real, genuine fucking fuck
guess who just lost the game l
i would listen to that podcast
tag ur other half
here lies katie. she doesn't wanna know that she is a good friend.
good morning! im mega hungry
he's always there
i'm so sad today isn't friday
just wasted a english class block doing nothing love that for us
use this on someone today
i wanna go to build a bear rn and make one with a vine now
what a wild childhood we had
i had one of the stupid sets too
niquil feels like it burns my stomach everytime i take it and i think i'm dying
that's probably me let's be honest
this is actually me right at this moment and it's freakin me out
odd flex but ok
i wish i did more this weekend i accomplished nothing
what in the hell
u just lost and so did i
it does indeed have a sadness to it
everytime my anxiety gets bad i think of this post
y'all guess what i have a fever and that's why i felt like garbage earlier wow
can someone please tell me where the freaking moth meme came from
mission failed we'll get em next time
i love john mulaney
i got my psat booklet thing today and i'm not a happy camper from just looking through it
the weapon of a winner
i'd say gross but that seems extreme i'll say i'm really ugly
sorry i haven't posted in a couple days i had to put my cat down yesterday and have been feeling mega depressed not that anyone cares but yeah sorry
cereal and books
im recording some data, who here is mentally stable
math is fricken red ok and blue can either be english or science but math is never blue
it's friday wow i'm gonna barely make it through the school day let's do this
i lost the wrist strap a long time ago im such a rebel
that poor cat lmao
no but i can tag a hand full of people who are
y'all gavin's growing up so fast
too lazy to think of a good caption oof
where. is. the. lie.
the sharpay in me wants to choose c
what else could u possibly do in a situation like this
why does barbie even date ken this dude is obviously better
so many text post account admins are so smart like i am constantly reading in captions how they're taking multiple ap classes like i could never
i use oof so often it's a bad habit
tag ur saltmate
you just gotta get through that stupidly awkward phase when u first talk to someone after that ur golden
im really enjoying the word loam
im goin to be singin cher lloyd by cher lloyd oh
who wants to buy me my last pair of crocs i'll love u forever
i thought of a german shepherd hbu
there's a tornado and flash flood warning where i am we boutta die up in this house
u ever just make a list of ur responsibilities then want to cry bc of them all cuz big mood
this post made me laugh wayy too much omg
i love this picture almost as much as i love stock photos lmao
as an only child i can confirm
im so annoying i only like the pink ones
i left a foo fighters concert like an hour ago and lemme tell y'all the only things i smelt were pot, cigarettes, and beer lmao it was wild i also high fived a drunk guy
wow best post ever i love
here's more of my english teacher since u guys freaked out about him
who made this i keep thinking about it
why he freaking out
my english teacher sent this on google classroom i needed to share
i'm still tryna find that siren noise but here's filler
discord be giving me brain damage
what if i reopened the djangzone
i love this video sm
which are you
i want to go to bed
spreading his message
i've never been to summer camp ever what is it like
this amde me break down
rate the fit
sorry for no posting i been busy hi
funky monkey friday
this is prolly what i look like playing just dance
what is the backstory
ok i know takis are reserved for the loud girls but hear me out. they taste good
spongebob fills me with raw fear
i feel soft right now
thinkin bout how good the superstar saga art is
og god they're coming
i love low pixel spongebob
i feel so bitter
no hi cat look out
i keep thinking about the time someone posted a picture of the house from gumball on here and for some inexplicable reason i thought it was a picture of my house and i started panicking
thisc has been replaying in my head like a broken record all week
luigi on main
give him a frosty wtf
it isnt that hard to understand
gimme a quarter
i cant sleep
fuck art i carp tunnel
fuck i messed up so much im the worst clarinet player on this planet
i have a concert today
why is he like this
went to the beginning of my account damn was i really that sad all the time
woke up to my friends cat ramming her head into my neck
i will do as i please
my stupid firealarm woke me up
im about ready to punch someone
love taking showers in scalding water
i'm so sorr
mickey mouse its illegal
why am i up
i have no school friday
get back in here
i'm in love but i dont wanna be. it hurts
i have so much homework
some of y'all don't know how to take a hint
get yours airpodeasy now!
last pieces in stockhurry up!
is there anything for true that this?
i'm a "cool" teacher
do you get this?
we won mr. stark
tag someone that watches game of thrones
tag a friend to try this
u get it or nah?
is this normal?
if you know, you know
would u still take a pic here?
could you tell something was up?
what does this look like?
tag someone who's like a brother to you
drugs or nugs?
do you get this?
which meme was your favorite?
does anyone know the person on the last slide
hey, say one good thing that happened today
oh boy  what does he look like?
"we're gonna have lots of fun morty"   rick
five minutes later.
is it possible though ?
execution without feelings
gotta hand it to her
dad jokes at its finest .
the new username is just like this. give it a few days it'll be normal "well, well, well. how the turntables."   michael scott
no, this is not a promo.
and then the fate used a uno reverse card
'the memes tribe' is now 'humor lounge'
now this is fun.
well she did say "anyone".
you don't say.
so much passion in that comment.
earth: can relate
guess you can cut them some slack since they are gonna be sleeping for a long time.
not cool god, not cool at all
or playing the air guitar
wholesome content that's about right
monsters under the bed can't touch me now
this time history will not repeat.
you know its gonna be a feast when you visit your grandma
"who's that avenger?"
not to forget the a gentle
it really do be like that sometimes .
y'all like this meme format "no i don't i think i will"
usb c ftw !
they had us in the first half not gonna lie
we all just a bunch of atoms
everybody gangsta until the roach starts believing it can fly.
to all of you who are working hard to achieve your dreams, you'll get there . just believe in yourself and keep pushing.
tall but also very disappointing
soup is kinda bland at the moment
scenes before a dad leaving to get milk from the store and never returning.
but well played kid
barbers, the ones who go for the head !
would then be very anxious for my first sale
they had us in the first half, not gonna lie.
"this guy's an avenger?, his real name's clarence!"
how many of you feel personally attacked ?
old but legendary see this is what makes dads go to the store to get milk and never return
it really do be like that
the jason bourne moment i never wanted
they were johnny bravo inspired ones
reality is often disappointing
that's pretty accurate
cant unsee it
vietnam : excuse me?
not me actually i'd love to meet one
all men must die !
yeah sounds about right
get wrecked home alone style
my midnight routine
i feel this all year long
just needed some bling
that would be a nice bed to sleep on later !
oh my  !
well played spotify
my voice isn't worthy to use "shazam" either .
must share this meme every year.
"and also don't forget our boi panic."
yep, this faceapp really is very accurate.
but why ? that's a pretty decent tip so which one are you?
will keep trying to write better captions
note : spoiler comments will be deleted mr. steal yo girl, you had us in the first half not gonna lie
task failed successfully
there isn't much left to say about climate change that hasn't been already said.
it's all about actions from here on.
they had us in the first half, not gonna lie
the last "bench" supper
comment your why
take it or leave it
the old version of "see who stalked your profiles".
a shower in a can the vr simulator games make more sense now.
wish i was famous and could sell all my fat .
but on a serious note, wtf where were you all those times when i said "thanks, you too" when the waiter said "enjoy your food"
the day "you don't trust me?" card could not be used.
y'all snort your games or smoke 'em.
" someone's early "
take that back !
dammit me !
keep those toxic ones way, have a nice day
high as a kite !
a live action meme !
got some fries?
anyone else ? "ain't no mountain high enough" plays in the background
the lazy ones are the smartest
we've all wronged someone cya  !
this really some scary shit
sound on !
it really do be like that  !
comment your celebrity kid's name
who else loves wayne
high school substitutes be like
i keep seeing this quote and makes me cringe a lot
bruh exactly what he did
when you play fortnite on mobile while taking a shit
me every fucking day because i have to cross a road to get to class and there's always lines of cars
have a good night
lowkey my parents and i don't talk to each other
ladies get yourself a nice caring man like this
making shitty ocs let's go
the fact that some of you guys haven't realize it yet
i had capicola for the first time today
video games cause violence he got a point though brain fucking y'all
this lowkey true
straight facts though
the man speaking facts
this game was lit
took physics class just to understand memes like these
my guy added the numbers
this not new or anything but i die everyone i watch this video
who else did this as a kid
telling time was probably the easiest thing ever i've been thinking about this question a lot. do you consider social media influencer as a career?
this post makes no sense but i'll give an example in the comments
her name though
wrong answers only
where is this from?
deleting later, just curious
gotta shoot your shot
please tag yourself
it is fucking today ya hoes i didnt miss it
you ever told someone they looked like clifford the big red dog? me neither
it's fucking saturday
cuz this post is everywhere and a shit ton of people can't find it so swipe to see what your blindass is missing i found this funny
once you see it you cant unsee if omfg
i don't know what to caption
this not a meme, i just need this posted
not a meme or anything but wanted to post this that's your personal problem
what the heck
siri is dumb change my mind
be careful who you love
have you ever fired a gun?
do you have any pets?
i felt that
has this ever happened to u?
dont do it
have you ever dated someone?
would you go to mars eventhough you'd probs die?
what's the silliest answer you've written in a test
ever thought of doing this lmao?
can you relate?
would you ever dye your hair like that?
what's ur favourite reptile?
tag a lawyer
how much is there in your bank acc
database latency too high
air france air traffic control appears to have lost the connection to the database.
i don't like to brag about how rich i am.
so i pay someone else to do it for me.
my secretary just entered my office and said: 'we got a letter again from our office in the sahara. they're writing that they have a very serious water shortage'
'well', i said, 'there's always a water shortage there   it can't be that urgent'
i'll tell you whats not good news. bad news.
i have an imaginary dog which is cool because i can see it and no one else can, bit like the opposite of a guide dog really.
when i was a kid i had an imaginary friend.
he had a real one.
what do you get when you cross a bridge with a zebra?
if it is tourist season, why can't we shoot them?
in just two days time,
tomorrow will be yesterday.
no toilet paper up there though.
sickipedia's motto   if you can't beat them, copy them.
what's worse than a joke without a punchline?
the met office is predicting that next summer will be hotter and drier than average.
with sickipedia's new scoring system you've got to think   what's the point?
yeah, it looks like a good afterlife, doesn't it.
my secretary just entered my office and said: 'we got a letter again from our office in the sahara. they're writing that they have a very serious water shortage'
'well', i said, 'there's always a water shortage there   it can't be that urgent'
every time someone say's 'expect the unexpected' i like to punch them in the face,
what did one dna say to another?
do these genes make me look too fat?
worst thing you can do to your enemy
us humans can't handle the goodest boy!
i'm doing this
can't you see i
that should do it
tag your best friend and say nothing
the third one gets me
let's be friends
does it look like i can predict the future who's gonna be like this tonight? so true
for all the dedicated funny fans, i see you
her face just fits this too well lmao
who's ready ?
what a savage
ihaha so relatable
who else can relate?
well, thank you
tag that friend
lmao true that
never eat a mans pork chop
tag a stranger
who can relate ?
how to quit your job like a boss
have you ever gotten into a fight?
comment how long do you sleep
comment what would delete it? why
comment the weirdest name you've ever seen
commnent which film should win?
do you also have the feeling of a war happening soon?
what's the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
comment what's your favourite food
what are your thoughts on vegans? if you're vegan, explain what made you change
comment your favourite rapper
comment if you've got any apple product and why instead of any other brand
what would you like to work as in the future?
what's your opinion on blue for boys, pink for girls? me personally, idgaf, just be happy
i'd pay lmao. would you?
who's your fav rapper?
how many relationships have you been in
do you like comics?
just a reminder
do you play any instrument?
does our system work?
spotify is far better. change my mind
what's your dream job?
have you or any of your friends ever been arrested? comment what happened
when did you last fail a test?
whats ur fav show?
have you ever been stolen from? what was it?
that face lmao
would you consider becoming vegan?
what's ur fav dog breed?
comment what's the weirdest thing you've drank
you already know what to press
what's been your worst grade?
that escalated pretty damn quick
have you ever failed a test? which subject was it
comment the most 'intellectual' phrase you're able to make
have you ever been thaat drunk?
comment if you've got any allergies
got a teacher as good as this one?
do you believe in anything superior to us?
whats gonna be your costume?
do you read books? if yes, whats you fav one?
whats your fav car?
have you ever been to a cruise ship?
how much do you usually sleep?
have you ever been on a plane?
worth the read
whats your fav wild animal?
what's your biggest dream?
what grade are you in
what are you studying?
whats your dogs name?
whats ur fav remix
tag a harry poter fan
do you watch the show?
who can relate
do you believe in aliens?
what's your favourite animal?
do you look like someone famous?
what's your favourite band?
how strict are yours?
are you a star wars fan?
tag that friend who's always drinking
tag ur bruh
tag your best friendwho's your favourite singer?
what's the most expensive thing you've broken?
are you scared of clowns? have you ever kissed someone?
how tall are you?
do you think wars do any good?
what superpower would you like to have? have you ever done anything illegal?
have you ever been that angry?
have your ever felt weird?
who's your favourite actress?
ever happened to you?
what would you save?
everyone:" let's copy and paste everyone else's comment"
the bible says its a sin to lie, good job gamer you told the truth.
because heaven forbid you bing something
that's introverts when it's not raining too.
turns out you're in a ryan creamer video
he knew he got game
youll grow into it
bottom should read "my loneliness"
i've become the very thing i swore to destroy
i only ask my friends but this is me
can't fail what you never attempted
the legend is back
i dont get it
who remembers the third one?
isn't he the cutest little thing ever
why do i hear mario
look on the bright side: you're gonna see stan lee
this made me exhale through my nose. nice
tag private meme accounts
i said you were adopted. not your sister.
relation from another creation.
no study november, what's wrong?
idk what to say
it's a happy little accident
kate is just lying
the other kid that know about bose einstein condensate
i thought i only had this problem.
its enough to make a grown man cry
me: gimme a cookie
grandma: i don't even know who you are
his face is just, your kidding right?
me to my little sibling :begone, heathen, for you have committed many crimes of betrayal
she already had it from joe.
you are a little confused, but you got the spirit!
it is weird when you think about it
i gotta do it
i pick "remind me later", friendzoned!
this is why we banned the kinder egg
yeet the dwarf
which solution is better?
i didnt, but now i cant unsee it
bit of a strange pr move by ukraine lol. those ukrainians are up to something
we live in a society
you see, i've the sharingan
you never see it coming!
sad but true
there can be only one sherlock
one time i did this and accidentally deleted my save.
that's what i call a pro gamer move
it do be like that
task failed successfully
if it die sooner then maybe he will play minecraft instead
he was always insane but his perception of his condition changed during the movie. his level of violence can be partly attributed to the way he got treated by other people and how he saw this reflected in society at large though.
both are equally good. just my opinion
i don't get it. my friends are never online
this actually made me shed a tear almost
how my dreams be like
let me know testing the waters  how y'all doing though
selfies of the week
it's been a while  how are y'all
if she sit on u it's over do y'all stand for the pledge
what's ur honest opinion on playboi carti
woke up hella late today
what y'all up to right now
christian meme compilation
my dumbass threw a door stopper at a promethean board and dented that mf jovial morning to all
good morning eats
do y'all have allergies? drop ur worst experience with allergies if u do
hey guys editing app still broke so enjoy these vids real quick wyd if everyone in the group chat dying of laughter and some mf pulls this emoji out
wwould u guys do heroin for a million
drop em ladies and gentlemen
the goodst of mornings to you all
how far are y'all into the school year  hope y'all have a good week doe
anyone in the mood for some chocolate chunk cookies
jus gotta act like it's a mothafu
hello hello hello i need help
can anyone decrypt this for me friday shamood
what's the vibe today folks
take the pain away brad
we all need a gaby and a rhoda in our lives
the master, he is
as a thanksgiving gift, here's a second meme in a day!
please stop using the comments to tell us you don't like people from the test kitchen folks. being nice to each other is kind of our whole vibe.
sorry claire, but the easier it is for you to make, the less fun it is for us to watch.
you waste liquid gold, they waste you
are you sick of tempering chocolate jokes yet?
"today on it's alive, we're gonna be making memes."
hello it's alive with brad my old friend
it's bon appetit or bon appe yeet
wow rhoda really does know everything
we just can't stop with the andy memes
we just go together like a two part epoxy
don't matter how you pronounce it as long as it's delicious bud
all the usual caveats about rie being awesome apply
italy just took pasta water to a whole new level
tag someone who wastes pasta water to expose them
if he likes tasty vids, walk out that door.
i ferment, therefore i am.
amen to that
it's  liquid  gold
feel free to sub brad and garlic, molly and pasta water, or any other ba joke you think is appropriate
claire at the start of every new gourmet make.
unlike most people from my generation, i like to go to art galleries and just appreciate true art
hey i noticed you used a period at the end of your last text and i just wanted to know what i did to upset you
attention span? i don't know her
people are literally pouring money down the drain
everybody gangsta until the cell walls get crushed
"can i cut up a silpat?"
where is the lie
we could have had flying cars by now. thanks for nothin' claire!
"claire! little help"
the ceo of hershey's lives in constant fear of bon appetit's youtube uploads
brad we're trying to concentrate, stop being so damn charming and interesting
we are so here for claire having an easier gourmet make it's what she deserved
"you gotta be able to toast them claire"
it's ok to want some me time, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
tasty you ain't slick
are we going hard on the toby goofy content? yes. are we sorry about it? no!
if his profile picture is over a year old, you're looking at a huge red flag ladies.
i'm sure she'd understand
make tiny social faux pas. think about it for literally weeks. repeat.
just super taster things
hunzi is the real mvp and you all know it
"botulism?!?!? nobody's gotten botulism in years."
"i'm ok. i just need a minute."
cast  chris  morocco  as  dr  who
what hogwarts house would brad be in? our money is on hufflepuff.
why even bother with the other utensils when spoons exist?
the players change, but the game stays the same
day three claire is the world's biggest mood
don't do drugs though. drugs are bad mkay.
you're never truly alone when you've got access to the ba youtube channel
hands up if this is you this morning see also: is ted cruz really the zodiac killer?
pasta water is more powerful than any infinity stone
if i don't think about it, it can't hurt me.
did you watch our story yet? meme appetit merch is coming, and we want your thoughts!
claire's need for validation is the most relatable part of bon appetit's video content
is garlic a carb?
this was a fan submission but we can't find your message, so if it was you, let us know!
chocolategate will never not be funny
me looking at a list of reasons why people might dislike ba: this bish empty
have you voted in our ba's best video poll yet? head over to our story to make your voice heard in the only bracket that matters
what happens to the allicin when you turn garlic black?
get me a defibrillator. stat.
every ba video is a work of art that would leave michelangelo shook
yes, this meme is extremely meta. no, we don't care.
brad, eyes turning completely black: honestly for us it was all of them
she is our queen, and we are her subjects most loyal
we will never forget chocolategate and neither should you
"and i would have got away with it if it wasn't for you meddling bacteria!"
happy saturday test kitchen fans!
comment with your results, and tag your ba loving friends.
hook it to my veins
i only stop crying when i hear the words "bon appetit vinny"
find yourself someone who looks at you like andy samberg looks at joanna newsom
give it's alive: goin' places all the oscars later tonight
can't wait for the new issue of our favourite magazine to drop
you can't make a gourmet version of something that's already perfect
tag the croots to your lettoose
if you tag your friend in this they have to request the rice wizards episode next time you're in the club
nobody show this to my mom
"do you really need that extra tequila shot?"
now we just gotta wait for the allicin emoji.
just throw my phone into a lake when i die
make sure you're on the lookout for the latest teen craze sweeping the nation.
who's better than us babby?
going out on a high.
brad is all of us, all of us are brad.
it's nerf or nothing boiz!
sponge bob square pants! sponge bob square pants!
he looks pretty fresh doe
yo what the heck!
this post is not affiliated with pepsi ok
uh oh, this isn't good
it's a hard life
why is that peach creature in this restaurant
mother, may i consume the souls of mortals?
am i here just to suffer?
never skip leg day!
minecraft roblox crossover
give me beans
this post will be delete by instagram maybe
i love me some frosted flakes
burn it with fire
it's nerf or nothing boiz!
sponge bob square pants! sponge bob square pants!
he looks pretty fresh doe
yo what the heck!
this post is not affiliated with pepsi ok
uh oh, this isn't good
it's a hard life
why is that peach creature in this restaurant
mother, may i consume the souls of mortals?
am i here just to suffer?
never skip leg day!
minecraft roblox crossover
give me beans
this post will be delete by instagram maybe
i love me some frosted flakes
burn it with fire
commit lifeguard no save you when drown
do you are have stupid skelaton!?
that's a gamer move right there
make me food peasant
oh the pain! the agony!
donate me the children i crave some
you piece of cheezit crust
nmom you saw noting
steve give knidey back pleade
steal man like
yes that is me
captain purto riaco
i've been rooned
stole from a cutie hahaepic win epic money
good boychristian minecraft server
roblox girls eyes
how is it already december
that's it i'm canceling the internet
what's the weirdest compliment you've ever gotten?
this is pure evil
talent she served as always
literally look how much blush i used to wear
why do y'all always photoshop lana in front of fires
i love her sm omg
i'm not crying you are
happy thanksgiving girlies
heartless by the weekend slaps
what y'all think?
who's gon tell ha
omg it's duo lips
if i stole my grandmas cat i wonder if she'd notice
wait this would actually slap as a dining table no phones in sight just vibes
ajakwkkwkw i doubt julia roberts was like "yeah, lemme play her"
look how she ate that up
good morning girlies
y'all  the bar is on the floor at this point
it still hits different
at first i was like what? bad eyeliner?
imma stay quiet
hot mess express. she really said hot mess express on national television y'all
her face at the end she boutta ask for the manager
omg pizza rolls are never not piping hot
i wanna dropout
the "calm down" sends me everytime
them: i can see you doing that
where did the popeyes lady go i miss her
tag yourself: i'm the cane's cup
the outfit choice sent me
who comes up with these
doja cat's album snapped so hard
they still gon stand in huge lines to cop these clown shoes
bibble is an icon
raven when she has a vision
me literally drag me
you know it's a new year when this icon shows up
somebody trynna set us up y'all
how dare you do ellen like that
me when ny teacher is on my doc as i'm writing my essay
the forbidden beans
wait what is matcha
he's what i see in sleep paralysis
disney taught us more lessons than school ever has
i hope this icon is doing ok
i be zooming in like
dinner lookin good
y'all wouldn't last a day
i want a face tattoo
the forbidden fruit
that's enough internet for today yall
happy halloween y'all i literally forgot it was today
the twilight music slaps
i got kicked out of photography class because i didn't clean up a mess that my teacher made
wtf are disney shows these days
i just got dark mode for instagram and idk how i feel ab it
teachers make me sick
can't relate we already fought today
i have one friend and she isn't at school today should i fight her?
i failed my math test today
i'm boutta just start an onlyfans acc
agaksh i love these what are they called
did she lie
yall are so mean i love it
buses count as extra points
y'all are so creative wow
omg they just get better as this goes on
the lemme speak to your manag
y'all really won't let her breathe
the awkward pause made me cackle
pistachios that are sold without the shell literally make me feel so powerful
i'm sorry y'all but this video of jacob sartororororious was to good i had to put it in
i have a history midterm y'all pray for me
kinda wanna beg my mom to get me asada fries
broo i wanna tp a house
they didn't lie
imagine being short lol just grow
i forgot the lyrics to the pledge of allegiance
oof that's heavy
i wish it was illegal to walk slow
i wonder what frogs do all day lol like do they just sit there
me playing house with my siblings
pov: you're her lice trying to dance
wait omg sports actually being interesting for once
i just googled on why i have a sore in my mouth and it turns out i'm actually gonna die so bye y'all it's been fun
lady gaga has a makeup brand omg
this happened to me and i thought i was the only one omg
"you know the fuckin vibez"
us: new music plea
does anyone remember clowns chasing people or was that a fever dream
imma be more active on twitter
me when i die in minecraft
it's frat boy day at my school well
i literally think my teacher has a crush on me someone call the police
wait popeyes has a chicken sandwich
i wonder what miranda cosgrove does all day
billie eilish liked and reposted me and my life will lit rally never be the same
last night i had a dream that i was in a taylor swift music video omg
kinda want a face tattoo
there's always random kids asleep on the couch during parties
i want tarot cards
nope that's the right one hun
this movie makes me scream where did lindsay lohan go i'm so lost
i want a cat
australian accents lowkey scare me i just realized
does anyone else realize that pluto isn't a planet anymore and get kinda sad or am i just emotional
why beiber look like he boutta take a bite
this made me scream omg they're so silly
no ma'am. i turned into a pair of scissors at this point
me but with flannels
i just wanna let you all know that you are iconic and beautiful and ily
the authenticity of this i just had one and we spent half the night crying instead of going to a party
girl i'm like the only one outta my friends that don't go to that
i have to laugh
where is this i wanna go
me when my mom takes pictures of me for her facebook
no ma'am. y'all can keep him
i wanna go in that tube but also i'd be terrified
these are both of my reactions lol
today in english we legit just learned about the james and tati scandal i have to laugh
what does a crab like even look like
couples kinda disgust me a hobby of mine the caucacity
someone took that picture of me sleeping and i can't stop using it as a reaction pic
ya and then i'll drain my bank account by buying it
it should actually be illegal
i had a dream last night that someone stepped on my bath and body works lotion and i cried about it
this made me scream
i have to laugh
omg frr lmao
i'm actually so psychic wow i was just thinking about this
i wanna make merch that looks like the backwoods logo because that's quirky
all i've done today is drain my bank account and make tik toks
i need a new profile pic someone help
is it weird that i wanna make merch
i'm seeing a scary movie tomorrow and i'm spooked
i keep wondering why i get stared at and then realizing i have pink hair and look insane
starbucks has a new drink and i want it but my mom doesn't wanna take me and i'm gonna die
alaksls i'm sorry y'all i had to post this
anna ou  drop your opinion below i'm in the airport walking around with sunglasses on
i screamed this is true af
babyboy got some botox
i wanna see the toy story movie
i look like sid from toy story right now
i'm obsessed with this video
idk what you're speaking about ma'am
lmao if i had a dollar for everytime i saw a straight guy say this bs
skins hairl  y'all
this made me scream and smile at the same time i can't with twitter anymore y'all
why do i remember this but have no idea what it was
i'm cackling omfg
being in drama with a social media person is literally so entertaining
why the dog gotta look at them like they brought macaroni salad to thanksgiving
i legit just ran around the house with a knife because i heard a noise am i pathetic or a genius i can't really tell
khloe: we're gonna go party!
she didn't lie like literally look at him
rihanna literally has the best lip gloss line omg i'm obsessed
this literally describes my whole family
tag someone and let them know they're beautiful
eww y'all goin to jail for making this
omg i need a job
the cake game is going on my resume
i just realized that oprah literally has a drink at starbucks. imagine the power
the purple one hit different
this video just made me wanna grab a bag of cheetos and rewatch the whole series
did they lie?
and i can't even get a text back? cute.
this is too iconic i'm screaming
omg that's tea
no omg i did this
lowkey want a pet gorilla
ahah i still don't know why they did that
i'm bald omg i shaved my head
didn't we all do th
i forgot my airpods at home my day is literally ruined i'm shaving my head on thursday y'all omg my breakdown snapped
kylie was best dressed period
omg this is the cutest thing ever
k this made my brain hurt
stealing these from babies omg
i'm just realizing that my grades are the worst they've been all year and my future is going down the drain
"the bildin is onn fiyuhh" sends me everytime
japan looks cute i wanna go there
i stole this girls nail polish and now she's mad at me lol oops
i'm bored and i can't stop sweating
i always look homeless but i keep it classy by wearing an air pod lmao
periodd my family gatherings flop now without her
ok thanks for literally attacking my whole existence as i'm posting this i legit feel like imma give birth to an elephant
this how i'm trynna be omg
did y'all nerds watch this?
global warming looks cute here
you guys are all sleeping on gwen stefani omg she's amazing
wreck it ralph scares me
i accidentally glued my airpod in the case thing and now i can only use one omg
it used to be good i swear knnwnqhh
i have to laugh i miss vine with a passion
i don't like easter but the easter bunny snapped with the candy this year omg
the accuracy of this omg
my dentist was kinda hot today and i accidentally bit his finger omg
girl  imma just stay quiet
omg this is amazing wow
did they lie though?
this movie was like my favorite for summ reason lmao
i don't know who needed to hear this but here you go
omg hi i've been napping all day
i have airpods on and i've never felt so powerful omg i'm bored
today was interesting.
ew i'm bored and feel like imma throw up
girl i want that
i'd rather do my history homework than watch couples get asked to prom
omg my pe class has hot new triplets
straight men are fascinating creatures
billie's album is a bop omg
i just took a five hour nap what year is it?
omg i want one
did y'all know you could order starbucks on your phone? my mind is literally blown bye
instagram needs a dark mode like twitter
the question marks are so accurate
i'd rate them one star on yelp
i love kacey musgraves i don't care what y'all say
my account might get deleted soon because of something that happened so umm that's cute
who is that first kid omg someone needa get fired for that
this is the cutest thing i've seen all day omg
i want hot cheetos
still a bop though omg !
i gotta new phone y'all omg i feel so rich and powerful
ok but justin beiber looks cute here
as he should
i love ihop.
how am i just now seeing this video lmamsindnid
oh  alabama tingz instead of doing my history hw imma just post memes
i've realized that i'm really good at embarrassing myself in front of people because i have literally no social skills at all
ok twitter really snapped with this one because i had no idea
dear guy who works at the movie theatre snack counter: your mustache is hot and i wanna marry you why dont they teach this in history
i haven't had starbucks in ages and my addiction is kicking in
omg these look amazing
someone needs to make poprock oreos immediately
then what is the purpose of a phone ksks
y'all i need a man
this is amazing omg congrats y'all spread the word
ok but if you drink your coffee black it's even worse
i'm gonna sue whoever made me come to school during the weekend
ok i swear this is my last post about jordyn
jordyn's gonna be homeless with pete davidson now
i'm obsessed with dolly parton now and im thriving more than ever did cosmo  umm alright
"birdbox" i can't with y'all i have to laugh
i'm obsessed with cody ko again
omg i literally wanted one so bad for no reason lmao
i'm actually leaving my house today. lol what a concept
same nobody calls to tell me tea anymore
yall i yodeled
if you don't get this then we can't be friends
i'm in a good mood today so lol nope can't relate
what's your favorite youtube drama? i'm curious lol
ok but his new series is actually scary lowkey
if you like lemon girl scout cookies then just get out
one of my replies on twitter went viral and i'm embarrassed at what it was
kinda wanna buy flowers for myself on valentines day
my mom almost fought the lady at weinerschnitzel again
why do i want one
i'm actually uncomfortable now
i started a second meme page for fun lol
omg mine was the toast
i keep talking to straight men and then i have to sit next to them in class why am i like this
i just wanna drink starbucks.
why do i remember this
what a concept i lowkey miss the old one sometimes
omg that's literally so cute
what a time to be alive the way they looked at her lmfao
ugh her mind
ugh i need some new music to listen to
this is the cutest thing i've ever seen in my life omg
twitter is on a whole new level of freaky
i felt this tweet in my soul
genius is cancelled .
omg that was my show
"no complaints from grandpa"
i lowkey wanna shave my head
i need wiener schnitzel to sponsor me because at this point it's all i eat
my mouth tastes like soap i'm scared
i lowkey forgot what hygiene was for a minute lol oopsies
who want candy?!?!?
i am cat
consider this a warning
earth is flat
bacon egg bacon egg!
i love you obunha you ruin meriaca
my kids like play in oven
what do you think abt this
fat people smh
baymax looking bumhole
she slid in just faine good news boys
let's get this bread kinda hawt thoe
am so sad i was frend zoned
oh my goodness please no i'm annocint
when in dab doubt it out
i wish there was a sicko mode keyboard for phones
pleas i just want to call her and ask for a date
despacito spodier threatened me one tieme
who got milk?
go back do aewsme oof boy please
let me naenae on your fishes grave
slide to tha loft
what's the password in your phone? and to your safe?
commit life guard no save you!
i think he is hot
how do i do die?
please i want play date
my mom is crying now
roblox car, roblox car!
do you guys think i'm hot?
can we get an oof in the chat?
bacon tatsfes goods
i apologize for the language
fear me i am stang
cheesy boi isn't cheesin
this is how you despacito
commit sleep in the nether please!
black pant is awsmone
do yuo like my ferarri?
kentucky fried rice
that's not good
same bro, same.
not a reaction pic but you're welcome
your thoughts on the new tesla ? just a bunch of towels
looks real to me
it does exist comment when you get it
how tall are you? yes you
had to build this real quick
is this why they call it a cell phone?
you gotta be forking with me
water you doing bro
well well well look what we have here
that's nun of your business
i need to read up on some more puns
it's a door able how bad this is
needed a good spider pun so i looked on the web
me as a teacher
i laughed a skeleton more than i should ngl
comment your best food pun
respect the drip, karen.
i get in a lot of treble due to my puns
i would give a book to mark so i could say "can i have my book, mark?"
straight outta minnisoda
this is cursed
i am always bready for puns
happens everytime i lose in mario kart
name this animal comment what your senior quote would be
those things are in sport mode, don't mess with them
water you doing here he really is a scythe for sore eyes
not caption banned anymore
comment  when you get it
i get a little antsy around ants
this hurts my head. maybe i got a brain freeze this is music to my ears
if a seagull flew over a bay would it be a bagel?
comment "i felt that" when you get it
this pretty much sums it all up
start a pun war in the comments
comment your favorite sport below
this is pawsome
comment your favorite shoes
i'll have seconds, as long as my hands aren't full
this tickled my funny bone
wrong answers only
i hope he gets a bedder bed!
toad is the next smash character guys
the hour of death approaches
last milkman post
unusual hat traders right now after finding out they wasted so much time trading and buying
internet's busiest music nerd
meatwad igloo hotdog meatwad igloo hotdog
ok i'm back
i'll post some videos once i get everything settled out
i got grounded so i'll try my best to post
real ones watched spongebob singing videos when they were younger
name albums that fit this category
who you got
in usually post late at night because i'm either gaming or skating all day
skating is one of the few things that keep me happy
where can i play this game. i want to play it now
who has all the random rpgs?
yea we came to blow your system
i do not know
how have you guys been
blue and pinkerton are the only good weezer albums
number one in the hood g
i'm having fun so far, and goldlink is about to come out
i wasn't that kid
good morning gotcha
thoughts on the scoob! movie coming out next year?
secret message only intellectuals can see hi
south park set them straight
i have no strong feelings one way or the other
my professor does this constantly he was not a happy little accident
what's your favorite scary movie fun fact the polar express is actually a halloween film
no but phil swift can
i don't even have enough to buy me a drink ladies and gentlemen we got him nice
flipped the script
legit every time
anyone else do this
hi how are you?
i mean this is factually accurate
watch the gordon ramsey videos
lilo and who?
don't challenge her
ferb is in
this is a very ambitious crossover
the time has come come home safe soldier
good morning big oof
i mean she isn't wrong
kirby live action movie
what does it say?
what would you photoshop?
spongebob is a show
i prefer taco bell  what about you?
no no no blow me
what are ya doing in my swamp
oh my god!
stranger things and minecraft what!
old meme but forgot to post this one
you throw down your camera and we won't hurt you
no don't give me hope
we are complete
every time i find diamonds by lava
cause this is mine mine minecraft
whatcha got there?
me growing up
it's not the size that counts
i got a lot of these so i'll post them occasionally you asked for these
i just like tame impala i really could care less about her
which do you prefer?
morning big facts
some more hulk in your life the second one hits deep
some hulk memes to get you through the day
i see this as an absolute win!
who's gonna see the new spider man
swipe for the video
bob ross is the legend
any office fans?
chris worked the hardest
we're in the endgame
somebody once told me
i didn't like avatar don't know how it did so well
who saw endgame?
never gets old
honestly forgot to post my b
idk why this has me dying
calling all high schoolers
ant man is the true opponent
let's zoink let me in
cause this is mine mine minecraft
can't out smoke a god
y'all know the right answer
i'd play the shit out of this
legend says he's never been beaten
who wants to be my valentine
lowest prices with the highest power
like man this isn't even my final form
they said thor was a god
it's my turn to say grace this year for thanksgiving dinner and i am terrified. just want to do this right. please leave tips
chicken sandwich review
i don't care what anyone thinks anymore
good morning. i am already way ahead of you with my day
graduation party announcement
here's your answer
doing very good at jeopardy tonight
my audition for chopped on food network
person from comcast that comes to fix your tv or internet
i need to go somewhere but i have nowhere to go and nobody to go with.
face down cover
my first post
i need your help
i went to the museum today
easy laundry folding tutorial
if you guys are mean in the comments again i will delete this
the part of the movie where the main character has to get the bad guys help
video of me drinking water
true story that happened to me
thanksgiving will never be the same
i love you  good morning.
let's do brunch
tree i ran into today nice guy
happy national selfie day
flow ring trick
candy reviews: pop rocks
happy national coming out day everyone. please always remember to be fearlessly you. you don't have to be a certain way for anybody. be proud of who you are. love you
'scuse me partner
i'm sensing something
i love you guy fire
clothed and afraid
pretty nice huh?
girls just wanna have fun
family who never established a specific timeout spot
can of worms
i miss u
horses don't stop they keep going
surrounded by infinite light
wherever it goes, i always know.
yo pair of kings was where it was at broski  faith
we the people of the united states, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this constitution for the united states of america  faith
man it's days like these that i have no idea what to put for a caption  faith
i'm homeschooled and i felt that  faith
pretty sure this meme is dead but i did a laughter  faith
singing to myself
cause i'm not uncomfortable at all  faith
hi my name is chelsea, what's your favorite dinner food?  faith
zoom zoom zoom gotta get that boom, my supernova girl  faith
megamind: in case you haven't noticed, you've fallen right into my trap
metro man: you can't trap justice, it's an idea, a belief
megamind: even the most heartfelt belief can be corroded over time
metro man: justice is a non corrosive metal
megamind: but metals can be melted by the heat of revange
metro man: it's revenge, and it's best served cold
megamind: but it can be easily reheated, in the microwave of evil
metro man: well i think you're warranty is about to expire
megamind: maybe i got an extended warranty
roxanne: girls, girls, you're both pretty! can i go home now?
lol really want a parakeet? like, i have for awhile but now it's really really bad. what's a pet y'all always wanted?  faith
i went to a bob ross painting event last night. pretty proud of my painting  faith
bro, chill! i don't know why you're in a big time rush   faith
the meme font caused me pain but i still liked the meme so here you go
i'm out of school but at the cost of extra hw so did i really gain anything
all my laptops have tape over them and when i was younger i put tape over both my ipod's cameras
i will slander streaming services to hell and back for screwing up entertainment consumption and making everyone pay for multiple services which is absolute bs but ya girl is boutta go wild over this disney plus and watch the heck out of gravity falls
idk why but big bird is the peak of humor for me
i'm sorry for stealing your meme payt it's just so funny to me
i should show this to my dad at some point but i think it'll just worry him
ive wanted to post this format forever but never liked the meme enough. today was finally the day
this tweet and the artist behind it are criminally underrated
this really got me
ok but imagine if billie eilish was popular when we were all making musicallys
if i have to go to panda express one more time i might lose my mind
pls i'm so sick of carrying everything let me have some gosh darn pockets
streaming services monopolize certain shows effectively making all streaming services terrible
i forgot to look at the source so it's lost on twitter by now sorry
so we back in the mine
never thought all might would call me out like this
such a mundane thing but i really felt this ok
come pick em up whenever
anyone read the promised neverland bc i'm losing my mind rn
yare yare daze
i am deceased i could not believe it
i have a feeling this meme might get run into the ground but there's no way of stopping it at this point
save the earth or we're taking the aliens
i saw this meme format for like a day and then it vanished
i was going to tag my history teacher but he only has twitter
happy fourth of july, never forget this iconic vid
sorry for posting late i'm in disneyland and i forgot that i was in a different time zone
marty i'm scared
i ran over a ten year old's hydroflask i think i'm going to jail
applause can be heard worldwide
i've been out of school for almost a month
what a guy
who do y'all think it should go to
chandler please we just want you to win
what's your favorite concert you've been to?
i love all the memes just appreciating this man he deserves it
dead meme trend but quality meme
his name is benny
sorry bowtie i couldn't pass up this meme
what are y'all up to
i started crying in class over this
this is a dumb meme but it's accurate
i can't tell if this a spoiler or not but i figure that those worried about spoilers would've watched the movie by now
it's quite the mantle to uphold
do you ever just get to a point where you're looking at memes and there's literally no reason for something to be as funny as it is but it literally kills you
sorry y'all i just love this meme format
i feel bad bc of all the work they put into it but i'm glad they're changing it ngl
who at buzzfeed made this? i just wanna talk
this is horrible. a true disaster.
i haven't seen this meme a ton but i still wanna make it a nominee is that fine with y'all
i wanna play minecraft but clash of clans is making a comeback and i gotta work my way back up from square one
pls tell me this is fake
kudos to canada
didn't it just recently come out that vaping might cause seizures or something
this ain't even that funny i just love the pigeon
guys i laugh at the dumbest things pls help
pls forgive me for laughing
you'll never know
it's a beautiful day in this neighborhood
who do y'all think wonthis ain't even that funny i just love rango
i'm posting while at golf practice whoops
it be like that.
the only valid love story
i an attached to this meme and idk why
i like golf but i really don't want to golf in the cold pls help
two days late but i just want y'all to know i love my man steve irwin
i'm sorry but i felt this on a whole other level
this caused me physical pain so i had to share
we will never be ready
keep your head up bro
my bad.  emma
mom i'm just joking mom i swear you gotta believe me
sorry for posting late i was just occupied today
the choking sasuke meme is appreciated but underestimated
guess i'll buy
it really do be like that
it really do be like that
spongebob memes are always there for me. they would never hurt me. they just want me to be happy. get you someone that looks at you how i look at spongebob memes
that's how mafia worksold meme but good meme
hope y'all have a good day
that must be why
that's a book of mormon y'all! read it!
we been knew
please be mordecai
i haven't even been slightly productive for more than a week
i'm late because i've been sleeping. imma go back to sleep now.
beau went through my meme stash yesterday next time i'll block him
hopefully some of y'all find this helpful, i sure do
i'll say the same thing i told my discord regarding youtube rewind: disappointing but not surprising
"because i said so"
"excuse me? you do not talk to me like that!"
during my math test the kid next to me was listening to bring me to life so loud in his earbuds and i'm blaming him for me failing the test
i showed this to my mom and she did not laugh
you know those memes that just leave you feeling personally targeted
i'm gonna go home and binge watch buzzfeed unsolved
this format doesn't have a ton of potential, but i fell in love with it the moment i saw it
allow me to pay my respects to a true legend
chill with the commenting asking where people are i didn't make it
i love tyler the creator ngl
"who's that pokemon?"
finish the vine
they're all cropped terrible sorry lol
i identify as hit or miss
some gang memes for all your gang needs
everyone! we have a
i feel personally targetted by this
i'm reading a book about the chinese communist revolution for english and i have no idea what's going on anymore
hey vsauce michael here
nobody showed up for my ted talk
i thought you guys could use this, i already have multiple times
sorry for the lack of quality content i'm on my way to work and i just freaked out because i didn't post
i have been bested at my own game
take away the power by making fun of yourself
i'm starting my first shift of my first job rn oof
self awareness is key
this was just too good not too post, sorry for the swear
this meme makes me want to kms.
regular show or adventure time? i'm asking because i'm feeling nostalgic af recently
swiper actually terrified me as a kid
a hard pass, thanks.
sorry for posting late. i wasn't happy with literally any of the memes i have saved and i looked for an hour
update: i dont think y'all in the comments get it
update: me and my friend were texting and i replied with "oof" at one point and he just says "emma go put a quarter in the jar"
this meme format doesn't get old for me
when a meme starts with "when" i immediately roll my eyes, but i actually laughed out loud when i looked at the pictures ngl
sorry for posting late, i was golfing bro
hm, you guys probably won't think this is funny but it's funny to me so
i keep losing my train of thought before i even form a proper thought so i don't even know what's going on at this point
sorry guys i was reading the new bnha chapter and that was a good chapter omh
hey i'm back i missed you guys. you wouldn't believe how much country music i had to listen to
happy pioneer day comment if ur a utahn
we finally know the truth
i'm too tired to think of a caption
kevin is a mood can i just say
imagine if movies were realistic, that'd be wack
how could i not post this
sorry guys i've been losing my shiz over twenty one pilots today
sorry for posting late i forgot i owned a meme account
i was not ready for this
emcibe coming at u
just got enrolled in driver's ed
cmon guys you gotta hand it to them that it's clever
sorry guys i couldn't resist
why the frick are they doing this to us what did we do to deserve this
this frustrated me because this is literally me
finding nemo is just too iconic idek
i dedicate this post to my boy brody
see if you can get her to comment
okay this isn't just me
it's brian mullahy omg he's my reporter
guess who's going to the freaking dinosaur park today
i've watched so much bnha and i'm not even sorry
legit me because i'm only in like two, i'm a loner lol
did anyone else think of this growing up and just think "dang im so freaking smart"
kid me too
contemplating deleting snapchatwhy am i like this
i mean what else would you use it for
what a lad
this is dumb but it makes me laugh so
comment if you've already seen this, you can only relate if you have lol
comment your state and if it's true or not. mine: utah and it's pretty true ngl
all my best original memes come from my student gov class, and elections are coming up. kms.
hey how ya'll doin
when i graduate i'm gonna freaking die
this made my day so much better
norway is doing so good in the olympics and the us is doing so bad but i mean good for norway amirite
ya'll quaking from my out of whack post times
you're all shook because i haven't posted yet but i had district festival okay i've been in hell all day
if you don't think spongebob is funny you're lying
why the frick is this me
favorite movie, no competition
everybody annoy the squidward in your life
at a school dance and i just yelled "i havent posted a meme yet"
this is actually hilarious im sorry
i love these memes
i aint got rhythm
guys im on the high school golf team wtf
omh made my day
hey guys, my phone is taken away. not sure how long. i'll be back, i promise
do you guys want me to start posting more videos? it seems like you like them
them angry ropes are scary
sometimes you just need a pure meme
run run run jump i can be your backpack while you run
i have mixed feelings about this meme because its hilarious but its overused
sorry some days i just really dont care about posting
cropping is hard
he's chilling it's cool
old but gold
if you know, you know
know the difference
i can't believe this  tag someone and say nothing
the first one is way too true
i really don't know what to say here
idk why but i'm playing minecraft and actually having fun with it rn
alright i'm back guys!
can i just get un shadow banned already
well i'm shadow banned so that's nice
i know the last one is old but i still love it
i love the second one so much
as a p!atd fan i love the first one so much
the last one is amazing
i still haven't even seen bird box
i love the last one so much
who ordered the fresh batch of feels?
on the daily without fail
he's not gonna be happy
you're good, you're good. walk it off, bro
'mirin takes priority over souls any day
reality versus expectations
i'm gonna burst
a slight difference is detectable
naps exist to save us all
it's a rough life
sorry for sharing this
take him away, boys
monday feels got me like
my face every damn morning
i'm here and ready
perks of being broke
yer a baller, harry
consider it done
please make your profile picture to help raise awareness about everything that's happening in sudan.
this is what steve jobs dreamt of when he founded apple
nobody had a problem calling me ugly and ive not transformed into dwayne i want my money back
i could have twelve kids and none of them would form a bond with me deeper than the one i share with that toasted cheesy golden goodness
snoop dogg has cloned himself and now sells llamas and guava in northwest tulsa
this is an unacceptable personal attack
bianca is cancelled until further notice
hey jared, how about you quit gawping out the window and suction this godamn river in my mouth before we all drown.
karen's daughter has dragged her mother out of so many department stores and it literally shows
my grandma thinks im steve jobs prodigal son every time i change the volume bar on the tv
whichever horse mouthed white walker did this needs to be exiled north of the wall immediately
the author of this is wearing an apron with khaki pants and new balances, waiting for one ray of sunshine so he can initiate family barbecue season
ye sure thing. be right back, just gonna have a quick thrombotic stroke.
halloween helps mikey deal with his existential crises.
if anyone digitally slaps me in the face like this after i pour my heart and soul out in a text, they finna get these knuckles
y'all mf's thought you could out manoeuvre alan stilwell? big al is playing chess while you shmucks are playing checkers
board up all the shop windows and hide all the store managers. storm karen will destroy anything in its path.
come at me with that mouth and im bringing my black chess pieces and a coffee table
brenda how about you quit gawping and get me a kool aid with ice
i relate to this more than i relate to my mother
dress me in all white and get me a fish eye lens. hurry
this is a violation
i can't tell if junior wants to play with a lego house or play me lego house smh
hot girl summer really took its toll on this raccoon right here
ilaughed. oh come on
i will buy a cat flap for my goldfish before i waste money on another damn apple product
no mindy, its not all in my head, me and this guyanese guppy fish have a deep connection. you wouldn't understand.
i'll have the adele playlist ready for when andre breaks your heart again
someone said serena's bicep will be the final boss on the next bioshock game
i accepted defeat and you should too
paul somehow found time in his tiktok triller schedule to take us deeper than gandhi ever could
babe, this tickly cough and sore throat ain't no joke. i've googled my symptoms and it says i'll be lucky to make it to next week
give me five grandmas. i wont ask for anything ever again
i just wanted a ride to church not a motorway tribute to space mountain
we got four more months to fall from the sofa to the floor
ive checked the birth certificate and can confirm my mothers middle name is karen. as you were
i just want to listen to panini by lil nas x, not audition to be an eagle scout ffs
to all the karens who lived above the building i was hustlin' in front of, im just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter
this is not a drill. hide all the managers, they've multiplied and they're looking for blood
the next buzzing noise i hear is finna get these molars. im done playing games out here
i dont care if i left the room for two hours. we are going to laugh at this career ending punchline. capiche?
this meme is a work of art and deserves its own exhibition in the louvre
my friends will discuss calculations where my answer was "un pomme"
ive watched the sopranos twice and can confirm this is completely true
i cant unsee this and now im booking in a double optic nerve removal procedure. thanks
please hashtag "bali belly" to support my opting out of all healthy things becore my summer vacation
she earned her spot in the force like everybody else nicole. put some respect on her name
all petrol cashiers own 'men in black' memory wipe pens. refuse to debate
i saw a man in a white coat hit the woah with two irons yesterday. i think he called it the 'defibrillator'
her spelling is more advanced. tasha operates on a higher level. that is all
before being a global superstar ed sheeran was out here finessing these teachers like it was his day job
my pick looking back at me like i got caught cheating with a slim thickum called viola
get me a bottle of ethanol and a billie eilish mixtape. im done outchea
youve shed my blood and now you must pay the ultimate price. thats a jesus joke
the only thing cheaper than this joke is my valentines day restaurant bill
you claim i climbed that tree to find my true self but in what world would i be so stupid irresponsible and reckless to oh you have a video
i find it easier to break down nasa's mainframe than to break down my girl's thoughts and feelings
giraffes are a social construct im telling you
seth how about you quit calling it a stone and get the dips in
if migos dont make an album with these lyrics throughout then whats the point
timmy let his wcw know that she's a monkey loving immigrant
enough kyle, just enough.
it is rumoured that jackson specifically utilised his downtime on the crapper to plan his way out of court cases
damn, get this man a l'oreal advert yesterday. pop's rockin some thick silver locks
john wick aint about to cheat on his dog for any sophie may
game of thrones missed a trick not using these badboys to kill the night king
listen wiener your god given purpose is to sit on this barbecue overnight until we can no longer clean the grill
no lucy i am not sparing my ice cream van budget on endangered raccoons in tulsa
matt matee went on to teach isaac newton the law of gravity. prove me wrong
tarantino called he wants his award winning stories back
i want a remote control for my remote control only god can judge me
margaret is ready to give anyone that smoke if they pull up looking suspicious
just post your thirst trap bikini picture from cancun last summer and leave sharon. i don't want a spiritual lecture
ffs marley. you are not chris washington from get out, stop trying to gallop to the canadian border.
if i see another packet of onion chicken noods wasted like this im calling social services
gotye foreshadowed his future and is now laughing in his rolls royce slippers from his million dollar caravan in tulsa
my guy tyrion does not deserve this.
i tried this and they both came out as the left. who am i suing for long term emotional damages
got is officially overrated. mine's an iced mocha latte, your grace
it took gerald years and years of blood sweat and tears to finally be this good at not giving a fuck
if you arent screaming about night kings this week then youre an antisocial hipster wreck and need counselling
get the endgame look
i'm a loose cannon baby, don't say i didn't warn ya
we need more starks.
i made my face the main screen the second you picked up
ok billy im gonna call your mom in a minute but i just need a different angle of you puking for my snapchat
if you're a hashtag vegan starbucks holic macbook millenial and you dont get this then turn in your badge immediately
it was bulking season okay smh. he's had a tough year
i was just retrieving my water bottle mrs johnson stand down
you just know whoever parked here is a middle aged white guy who's favorite band is nickelback
how about you keep your stupid nose out of everyones business kris
you better give up now robert. your pie chart is about to be catapulted to the next dimension
this guy looks like what would happen if you morphed all the cast from jersey shore together
maybe i didn't attend the group meetings and maybe i didn't contribute more than the intro slide but that does not give you the right
"can anyone in this class define modern terrorism for me?"
if you don't lower your goddamn voice im finna deposit these hands
ok we get it casey, you live with your mom and only wear cargo pants chill out
all i wanted was to reheat my dominos and now i have cold pizza and a plate that is hotter than the sun
it's barack, bitch
all i wanted to do was open a notification from team snapchat and now i have a detached retina. thanks apple
i just googled about my tickly cough and have found out i urgently need a new kidney
who changed the language on my exam sheet to swahili
i'll pay all the alimony in the world if it means i can eat my noodles in peace
woah looks like a storms brewing better play it safe and try again next month
you ain't fooling anyone lateesha. we know you strapping heat under that thing
oh you wanna front like you're lewis hamilton? you finna learn today
give that aliexpress worker two cookies
i didn't rent a two bedroom igloo with permanent aircon so why am i so damn cold
i only wanted a luke warm shower, not the goddamn entrance exam to mensa
im gonna lose it justin do something
forget your guardian angels i have a guardian pigeon
hello mr tree have you seen my friend he's a purple unicorn wearing a blue maga cap
i will never be too old to mimic someones voice in a high pitch tone when i'm losing the argument
i have framed this meme and meditate to it daily to keep me on the straight and narrow smh
if anybody says a single word on the group chat before i clap back at shawn, imma throw these paws
ashlee i'm gonna leave the toilet seat so far up that you'll have a halo over your hypocritical headass
forget giving this kid a measly 'a' this masterpiece deserves a full academic scholarship from yale university
jesus take the wheel, pick it up and throw it at this demon rat
if you do so much as pull out a cigarette in the same city as me i will turn on my dicaprio and act like my respiratory system has been deleted
this and when the barber shows you the back of your hair after a fresh cut make me want to pass out with awkwardness
i have renamed 't mobile' as 'lucy' and it has given me a new lease of life
timing thunder is the only thing more white than asking to speak to the manager
ted's out here playing games with these vegan millennials
johnny got his maga cap on black friday discount and immediately began projectile vomiting. lets do this for johnny.
martha plays no games when it comes to her fresh blt sandwich
junior finna throw them hands the second this photoshoot finished.
seth how about you quit calling it a stone and get the dips in
no the answer is no definitely no   dad we finna buy santa's cookies tomorrow
why do we all do this
why does this always happen to me when i havn't showered in three days and look like i've been dragged through a wheat field by a tractor.
they say the owner of this plate used to give tupac advice on how to be a gangsta
doubt me now karen, doubt me now
sweet jesus grandma change the subject please
you wanted to style on them and now you must face the consequences. come home an ice cube idgaf daz my jacket there
this guy can't catch a damn break smh
dear millennial put your coffee and your macbook down and change your personality your damn self
i spent my monthly wage on trailer nourishment
"hey son i thin " no dad i didn't leave the rest of it at the store. no dad i don't want stripy legs in summer. no dad i didn't forget to highlight everything before pressing ctrl v.
i am at one with mother nature herself
if i cant access my keypad during a kidnapping i'm pressing charges on siri herself
ive always been a big fan of machine gun ke
i already bought six bags of popcorn and packed my overnight bag. and i'm in your lounge. but can i come over?
mom what did i tell you about calling me when i'm loading the fridge
i've only had three good haircuts in the history of my life
who's laughing now mr stephenson who's fucking laughing now
i swear when miss bromley left my math class that shit would be like a scene out of the purge
i've never seen a meme more painfully true
sorry mr howard but your chemistry lessons are a joke and i should pass the year for holding in my laughter for so damn long
i've never related to a cow so much smh
cancelling plans and ordering dominos are my favourite damn things on earth i swear to god
improvise adapt and overcome
all vegans are sociopaths
all vegans are sociopaths
if you don't make this oreo mcflurry happen i'm gonna catch a case
get that dog some bitches and wine
not all heroes wear capes. some wear knuckle dusters and nunchuck belts.
idgaf where you move me miss, its gonna be lit
all cats have the personality of scar don't even try to argue
all i want is a love like this dammit
if that doesn't have "act surprised" written across it, i'm gonna lose it
um this death trap is gonna be a hard pass from me thanks
i relate to this on a spiritual level
the guy behind kanye quit lying to himself years ago.
no dad you dont have a stammer stop making the same joke every year you gave me this name dammit
if i'm not the first driver, i'm buying my own adhesive handle for your car. if i'm the first driver, gas money or gtfo
i can be petty too.
i'm a parasite and i'm proud.
i'm off, see you never
if this is true hip hop is cancelled till further notice they say that this is the sandwich they use on death row.
ffs mum can you buy a new router, my habbo hotel server is lagg  why is our code on the tv
not all heroes wear capes. some eat them.
i feel high just looking at this.
sandy don't go back to him he did you dirty once he can do it again
why is my mom like a raging rhinoceros every single morning.
kevin's parents haven't seen him since freshman year.
welcome all, come and join me on this academic journey to a guaranteed f.
i swear to god i am one despacito chorus away from losing my shit.
now this is finally the type of disappointment i can relate to.
let's hope nobody on titan has a dust allergy.
sometimes i think i might as well not be paid in the first place. dreams are being sold.
hopefully this is the last of these i'll have to post for you schmucks.
i wish i could say i didn't once have to use an empty god damn trash bag.
men. are you ready?
hey how about y'mind ya goddamn business?
this is not a drill i repeat this is not a drill.
my life is one big, long, never ending, chaotic shit show.
"lashawn, get your headass back inside and help wash them dishes. it ain't worth it g. love bro "
i dont have space in my wardrobe for fifty seven different vintage fila windbreakers ffs
hey doc, totally not cool bro.
who else was this good at french in school? i'd gaga her queen b.
le thinking cat
he really went omg my heart
whyywhen your life is falling apart but you're used to it
i can sniff your fears
let me pet u
how did they know
you died, this video was taken on an android
please wait until december
qhy am i still aliv
cat eat book
cats are not useful
not a cat but i love it
i don't know either
cats be like belly
im still alive because pictures like that
is there a problem if i want to be the friend?
do not leave your car's window open
pls give hug back
go watch it
go open it
"im cold, im cold"
"i wanna be like van gogh!"
"aww to be an artist?"
yo u guys allow me to meme in the second slide?
i want big salami
oh fuck oh shit
say yes to cat minecraft memes
lets be friends
yo chill it isn't real
why did i scream
uno revere card
it's not a phase mom
no jump scare warning for u
lol why would i
i looked up depression on google that's nice
wait for that meow
i want this
kiss me on the lips low iron tiredness no more
when you're dead but your cat is hungry
cat on the field
im not fat i'm fluffy
do not refuse
tell him good job
its a cat
who can figure out?!
i want this
take it. take it now
still cute to me
i won't the cat
say it back
i warn you.
free him now
are they eating the kittens
fake news, fake news everywhere
someone please tell me it's fake news
i love him
depression tag me pls i'm lonely
put it back
school starts tomorrow cya never
ah shit, here we go again
ah shit here we go again
this is the content i love
helq cat neds air
and pet it maybe?
without a what
cat in the back be like "move ur ass"
u disgust me when did he do this
iron man and black panther, feel old yet?
i like em big
pet all cat
two of them
im proud of her
i understand everything now
put my claws against his head, clenched my paws and now he's dead
it's not a phase mom
when a cat has more money than you
who did better?
nah it's a bicycle
get a home, don't be homeless
be the best you that you can be but don't like get out of bed for it
ok good. there's no need to ever see that fucken tweet again.
lesson in karma that i'm posting at a time when most of you won't see.
i'm gonna take over the aussie hip hop game. so tell both those other rappers i win.
i'd eat tommy pickles. i don't think stu would give a shit.
i heard it's national poetry day?
secret life of pets but it's rats. secret rats of pets.
how to train your dragon but it's rats. how to rats your dragon.
even the french were speaking english to each other in that movie.
and no snitch tagging
when you need oil and there's plenty of it.
a cat burglar if you will. again, these are free.
thank you main.
yeah i mean he's got a point.
pleased to announce i am replacing neil detyson as head nasa space knower.
we made it, folks. we hit big moon right where it hurts. right in the fucken moon.
these are making people on twitter very angry.
why does nobody want my pitches?
friendly reminder that these are free.
oh ellen you shouldn't have
i do not like sausages.
my son, killing it at yoga kinda.
i've brought him back. new account but we're back!
again, there's no charge for these.
these are free.
give me sonic with teeth or gtfo
these are facts. you can't just explain away youtube videos with science.
clerk: see you later, alligator
me: no you won't, i'm not renting him
don't argue with me about the names.
happy jesus week
non meme alert! had to share this. my son has never climbed this particular wall without my help before so he really enjoyed the victory.
no elephants either.
the more you complain, the more i'll do them.
for those of you in my stories asking how much i weigh in lbs.
since you all love my poemtry so much.
at one point in my life i wanted to be a poem doer.
peta out here slandering bernie sanders like this
just back from the drs.
this isn't a personality trait.
someone on twitter replied to this and said "when i was little i thought the pledge of allegiance said " and to the republic of richard stands" so i asked who richard stands was"
props to elon tesla too.
respect the lord, respect the classics.
sometimes i'll go into the group chat and just fucken let it all out.
now that's old.
i'm just curious about how disney characters fuck. there's nothing to worry about.
strongly advise against this particular google search.
i've got so many ideas
it's probably also fair to say i've seen these movies way too many times.
yes, i know. you don't get it.
wrong person maybe but i know what he's capable of now.
this whole thread is gonna have me disappeared.
the podcast is now on spotify. so there's that.
a bit of me died writing checks instead of cheques but as most of you are american i thought fuck it.
we dying or what
the doctor got mad at me for this once
it's a problem
it's been a rough one lmao
college students at the library be like
this needs to happen with good dreams
we really all lived the same childhood huh
it be like that
physics be like me tonight
wish me luck on my exam tomorrow i have several questions
lol be safe kids
funny how that works
my stomach rn
these quoted tweet memes are my favorite
it looks like that doesn't it maybe so
sorry i guess
these hamsters together have become meme legends
why wear anything else when sweatpants exist
don't know what this feels like bc i'm too scared to ask questions
my brain at all times
studying is my passion
don't yall love finals me when my boss literally just told me how to do something and i have to do it
i feel so bad for me
every time my parents call be like
i make those sounds too
who tryna take this physics exam for me tomorrow
my cat is that fat
me thinking about having thanksgiving for dinner after having thanksgiving for lunch
this break got me like
as william shakespeare once said, it really be like that
thank u, next
me this very morning
this gave me a chuckle
wait this is very relatable
me when people make fun of me for having a meme page
i figured it out y'all, she's doing biology
this meme never gets old
that'd be amazing
put some respect in his name
this pic is gonna give me nightmares
me if i cooked
it's just too little too late
i don't like working
me this entire summer
oh wow the accuracy
every time my mind
pickin it up pickin it up
so much to do
this gave me a good cackle
i love lifting heavy items out of houses and breaking my back
this is why i love cats lmfao
i chuckled aloud
poot lovato, meme legend. delete it fat
who told this lie
this gave me a chuckle cause this really how it be
my mind is blown that other people experience this
i haven't posted in a week opps i've been studying
i love memes
oprah for president
straight up mood
keep it up oreo
never gets old
me right now wish me luck on my soc final
time to grind exposed
only four more hours till this is me
me when i finished parks and rec
public service announcement
i'm going home tomorrow and i'm only excited cause food and room to myself
i don't have a dog but somehow relate
happy saturday friends
me tomorrow morning dafuq
i miss my cats ngl
perhaps the most relatable thing ever posted.
i like cats
college be like
those were the days
this happens to me so much
i'm not ready to start being productive again
lmfao me though
lol tag someone
me my summer be like
me every day of hs
not adding up
these memes are my favorite
i'm just that funny
why'd i cackle
and the giant spider chasing after you
i ain't got no money
i want a dog
i haven't posted in a couple weeks oops i'm back
spongebob memes always deliver
lol i need a job
i cannot make decisions
why is this a trend
the perfect show
i get stressed out by these things and it annoys people
this is honestly what i do when i have to study
happens too often
how dare u
just let me talk
this is honestly what i do when i have to study
happens too often
how dare u
just let me talk
you'll never see me again
unfortunately this is me
it doesn't even matter
lit rally lol
such a relief
just stare back at them until they look away
every single day
use your own goddamn charger bitch
"im good haha"
ya sure hun
i care but i don't care
a fat mood
that is real pain
is that a fat squirrel a fat mood
my heart really drops lol
is this lindsay lohan ? i'm not sure lol
a real one
i finally have vacation you guys
luckily i'm never wrong
unfortunately i can not relate
it's honestly too hot to learn right now so i don't even care, but i kinda care u know ?
my test week starts tomorrow and i'm already dead
we been knew
professional procrastinator right here
yeah pretty accurate
a big mood
sorry not sorry you can never be too careful right ?
one of the worst things that can happen
these memes are sending me hahahahaha, also why is this literally my mom
kim is a whole mood
my actual spirit animal
sorry not sorry
the worst type of pain
and a "lmfao" just to be sure
literally no reason
ok but the stairs at my school are ridiculous. like literally insane
this is actually so relatable lol
disappointed, but not surprised
she's never there when i need her the most
it really be like that sometimes
it's a real problem
i honestly never have money smh
if this ain't me i don't know what is hahahah
don't test me, my screenshots don't lie
if you don't burn your skin of in the shower we can't be friends
"thought u were on a diet" stfu and mind your own damn business
i feel this one on a spiritual level
some of y'all haven't seen this movie and it shows
there must be a way right ?
it really be like that sometimes
a rare sighting of a crying kourtney kardashian everybody !
ok if this aint me lol
when the tea is boiling hot
my friends always ask "why you laughing" well this is mostly why i laugh randomly lol
this is really accurate
feeling this one
i would just give up, honestly
i'd be filthy rich
they need an emoji for this face
too damn accurate lol
it's a no from me
it really be like that
it don't make no sense
me af hahahah
i still don't have my grades back and i'm very scared lol
it really be like that
don't google ya symptoms
still waiting over here
hi, it's me your favorite fitgirl smh stressed to the core
nowhere to be found
hell nah bitch
me today hahahahah
never heard of her, sorry
never gonna happen girl
i swear whenever i try to eat healthy my mom buys every snack i have ever wanted in my life smh
if this ain't true bish
me rn smh
yep guys, my life's falling apart again
why am i like this lmao
this honestly annoys me the most in life fuck
i'm the funniest person alive and you know it
school got me like this
did anyone find it ?
hahahahahah my mom liked this one so here you go
stop staring hoe
i have a test next period, i'm going to fuck it up wish me luck
this made me screech
me after i get taco bell tonight
i love it
i'm gonna fucking rage
not a textpost but oh whale
this made me fucking squeal
i really want to dye my hair but i'm so indecisive
i'm in a spooky mood
today is rough but on the up side i love mr beast
instagram really trying me rn
i was out all day yesterday and forgot to post
i am a virgo and that's why he doesn't want to do is argue with you guys and hang out
literally any tim burton movie. that man has my attention all day everyday.
me every single fucking day bc apparently illinois doesn't know how to fix some fucking potholes
i relate so much fuck
it's going to be so hard feeding my snake large mice when she's grown
i was walking to the bar the other night and this dude behind me was like "hey" let me tell you my heart started fucjing pounding men scare me and it's an issue
my math class is way too easy and it upsets me
i literally tell my mom my life so my mom knows everything
the cat even looks like cheeto
this made me ugly cackle
a post has never related to me more
yo i'm casey
"i gotta get you out of class early because i have a funeral" okay den
i love the bipolarness of spring
does anyone else oversleep and then get a headache? because me every fucking day
bitch watch my shit
this is the truest shit
okay i'm gonna chill for a little so i can paint
me bc i need money
if you keep dogs in cages all day then maybe you shouldn't fucking have dogs. they're not fucking hamsters.
i felt this
yesterday was a fucking roller coaster
i love him omfg
i love sam and colby
i fucking love solitaire
motivation? don't know her
i want to start listening to more indie music and be that hoe
honestly you guys reporting my shit are some fucking bitches
me with everything
this bitch just killed my favorite aunt wtf that aunt is a bitch
when i was little i thought i would grow up and look similar to the outfits of the dudes in you're such a fucking hoe
i need this
honestly i feel this
why is ross lynch in this
okay the new sabrina the teenage witch id's good good
is the new sabrina the teenage witch good? i'm starting it rn
i'm gonna go through my shit while i watch jenna marbles
this made me cry
i used to fucking love this thing
used to be me